
Okay, I need to create a Python function called parse_version that takes a string s and returns a tuple of integers. The string is concatenated by dots, like "1.2.3", and I have to split it into individual parts, convert each to an integer, and then put them into a tuple.

First, I'll think about how to split the string. The split method with '.' as the delimiter should work. So s.split('.') will split the string into a list of substrings. For example, "1.2.3" becomes ["1", "2", "3"].

Next, I need to convert each element of the list into an integer. I can use a list comprehension for that. Like [int(part) for part in s.split('.')]. That should handle each part.

Then, convert the list into a tuple. So tuple([int(part) for part in s.split('.')]) would do it. But wait, what about validation? The problem says the input is a string concatenated by dot, but maybe I should check if the split parts are all valid integers. However, the docstring doesn't mention handling errors, so perhaps the function assumes the input is well-formed. But the user might expect that if there are non-integer parts, it should raise an error. Hmm, the original problem says "Converts a string concatenated by dot to a tuple consisting of integers." So maybe it's expected that the input is properly formatted, and we don't need error handling. But in practice, maybe we should handle cases where parts can't be converted to integers. Wait, the problem says "Do NOT include any explanation, reasoning, or markdown formatting." So the user just wants the code that does the conversion, possibly without error checking.

But the function is supposed to return a tuple of integers. So if the input is "1.2.3", split into ["1", "2", "3"], then convert each to int. So the code would be straightforward.

Wait, the function signature is def parse_version(s: str) -> tuple[int, ...]:, which indicates that the return is a tuple of integers. So the code would be:

return tuple(int(part) for part in s.split('.'))

But wait, what if the string is empty? Or has leading/trailing dots? Like ".1.2" or "1.2."? The problem says the input is a string concatenated by dot, so maybe those cases are not considered. But the function might need to handle them. However, since the docstring doesn't mention it, perhaps the function is intended to work with valid version strings. So the code can proceed as is.

So the complete function would be:

def parse_version(s: str) -> tuple[int, ...]:
    """
    Converts a string concatenated by dot to a tuple consisting of integers.
    """
    return tuple(int(part) for part in s.split('.'))

Wait, but the user said to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. The docstring says the string is concatenated by dot, so maybe it's safe to assume that splitting on '.' gives the correct parts. So the code is simple. Let me test with some examples.

For example, if s is "1.2.3", splitting gives ["1", "2", "3"], converting to ints gives (1,2,3). That's correct.

What about "1.0.0"? It should return (1,0,0). That works.

But what if there's a part that's not a number? Like "1.two.3". The code would throw an error, but since the docstring says the input is a valid version string, maybe that's not handled here. The user didn't mention error handling, so the code can assume that all parts are valid integers.

So the code is as simple as that. Just split on dots and convert each part to int, then return as a tuple. That's the plan.
