
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function is_file_exist based on the given signature and docstring. Let me think about how to approach this.

The function's purpose is to check if a file exists. So, the standard way in Python is to use os.path.exists. But wait, maybe I should consider using try-except blocks to handle possible exceptions, like if the file is inaccessible. However, the docstring says "Check whether file_name is an existing file," which might imply just checking existence without handling errors. But maybe the user wants a robust solution.

Wait, the function name is is_file_exist, so it should return True if the file exists and is a regular file, not a directory. Oh right, because a directory can exist but not be a file. So I should check if it's a file using os.path.isfile.

So the steps are: import os, then check if the file exists and is a file. Let me write that.

Wait, but the user didn't mention handling exceptions. So maybe the function should just return the result of os.path.isfile(file_name). That would be straightforward. Let me confirm: the docstring says "existing file," so yes,.isfile is appropriate.

So the code would be:

import os

def is_file_exist(file_name):
    """
    Check whether file_name is an existing file.
    """
    return os.path.isfile(file_name)

But wait, maybe the user wants to handle cases where the file is a symlink? Or maybe not. The standard os.path.isfile checks if it's a regular file, not a directory. So that's correct.

Alternatively, maybe using try-except to catch exceptions when checking. But the docstring doesn't mention error handling. So probably, the simplest approach is best here.

So the code is as above. Let me make sure there's no other possible issues. Like, if the file is in a different directory, but the function is given a relative path. Well, that's up to how the function is called, but the function itself just checks the existence based on the provided file_name. So the code should be correct.
