
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function file_to_textbuffer based on the given signature and docstring. The function is supposed to load a file into a text buffer. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function takes two parameters: file_name and encoding. The goal is to read the contents of the file and store them in a text buffer. In Python, a text buffer could be a string or a list of lines. But since the docstring mentions a text buffer, maybe they want something more specific, like a list or a custom object. However, the simplest approach would be to read the entire file into a string.

So, the steps would be: open the file with the given encoding, read its contents, and return them. But I need to handle possible exceptions. For example, if the file doesn't exist, or if there's an encoding error. The docstring doesn't mention error handling, but maybe it's expected to handle those cases gracefully.

Wait, the user didn't specify error handling in the docstring. The original function's docstring just says "Load a file toward a text buffer". So perhaps the function should read the file and return its contents as a string. Let me check the parameters again. The encoding is provided, so I should use that when opening the file.

In Python, to read a file with a specific encoding, I can use the open function with the encoding parameter. Then read the entire content using read() method. So the code would be something like:

def file_to_textbuffer(file_name, encoding):
    """
    Load a file toward a text buffer
    """
    with open(file_name, 'r', encoding=encoding) as file:
        return file.read()

But wait, what about the mode? The default mode for open is 'r', which is reading text. So that's correct. However, maybe the function should handle binary files? But the name suggests text buffer, so 'r' mode is appropriate.

Another consideration: the function should return the content as a text buffer. If the file is large, reading it all at once might not be efficient, but the problem doesn't mention handling large files. So the simple approach is acceptable.

Also, need to make sure that the file is properly closed after reading. Using a with statement ensures that. So the code should be safe.

I think that's it. Let me write the code accordingly. The function opens the file, reads it, and returns the content. The docstring is as given, and the code is straightforward.
