
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code for a function called set_cut_chars. The function takes before and after as bytes arguments and returns None. The docstring explains that it sets the bytes used to delimit slice points. 

Hmm, the function is part of a class since it's using self. So I need to define it inside a class. The parameters are bytes, which in Python can be handled as byte strings. The function's purpose is to set delimiters for splitting a file. Maybe the class has some method to process files, and these delimiters are used in that process.

Wait, the user didn't mention any specific implementation details. So I should just create the function with the given parameters. The docstring is provided, so I need to include that. The function needs to assign the before and after bytes to instance variables, perhaps? Because they are meant to be set for the object.

So, inside the function, I'll probably do something like self._before = before and self._after = after. That makes sense. But the user didn't specify any validation, so maybe just store them as attributes. 

Let me check the parameters again. The before is the bytes to split before, and after is the bytes to split after. So the function is setting these delimiters. The code should be straightforward. 

I need to make sure the code is correct. Let me think: the function is part of a class, so the parameters are bytes. The return type is None. The docstring is there. So the code would be:

def set_cut_chars(self, before: bytes, after: bytes) -> None:
    """
    Set the bytes used to delimit slice points.

    Args:
        before: Split file before these delimiters.
        after: Split file after these delimiters.
    """
    self._before = before
    self._after = after

Wait, but maybe the function is supposed to do more than just assign the variables. Like, maybe validate that they are bytes? But the parameters are already typed as bytes, so perhaps that's handled by the type hints. The user didn't mention any error handling, so maybe just assign them.

Yes, that's probably all. So the code is simple. Assign the before and after parameters to instance variables. The user didn't specify any other logic, so I'll go with that.
