Okay, I need to generate Python code for the method check_digests_present_and_used based on the given docstring. The function is supposed to check that all required digests in the manifest are present and used, and return an error if something's wrong. 

First, I should think about what the parameters mean. The manifest_files is probably a list or a structure containing the digests present in the manifest. And digests_used is the set of digests that are actually used. The method's goal is to ensure that every digest in digests_used is present in manifest_files. If there's a digest in digests_used that's not in the manifest, we need to return an error.

Hmm, so the steps would be: iterate over each digest in digests_used, check if it exists in manifest_files. If any are missing, collect those and return an error with the missing ones.

Wait, but how is the manifest_files structured? Maybe it's a list of digests, or perhaps a dictionary where keys are filenames and values are their digests? The name suggests it's a list of files from the manifest, each with a digest. Maybe the manifest_files is a list of digests present, so checking if a digest in digests_used is in that list?

Alternatively, perhaps the manifest_files is a dictionary where each entry has a digest as a key or value. The exact structure might not be clear, but given the function's name, maybe it's okay to assume that we can check if each digest in digests_used is present in the manifest_files.

So, the code would look something like this:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    missing = []
    for digest in digests_used:
        if digest not in manifest_files:
            missing.append(digest)
    if missing:
        return self.error(f"Missing digests in manifest: {missing}")
    return None  # or some success indication?

Wait, but the function says to return error() in the class. So maybe the error() method constructs an error message. So, if there are missing digests, return the error, else maybe return None or some success?

The docstring says to return the error, so perhaps the function is supposed to return an error object when there's a problem, and maybe None or True/False otherwise?

But the exact return type isn't specified. The user just says to return error() in the class. So perhaps the error() function returns an error message or an exception, but the code should call self.error with the appropriate message when there are missing digests.

Now, the user also mentioned using test-driven development, so first write unit tests. But the problem here is to generate the code, not the tests, so I can focus on that.

Wait, the user's instruction says to output only the code generated in Python markdown format. So I need to write the method's code.

Wait, but how is manifest_files structured? Let's assume that manifest_files is a collection (like a list or a set) of the digests present in the manifest. Then the code is straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe manifest_files is a list of file entries, each of which has a digest. For example, each entry in manifest_files could be a dictionary with a 'digest' key, so to get all digests present, I have to extract the 'digest' values from each entry. In that case, the code would first extract all the digests from the manifest_files into a set, then check against that set.

But without knowing the exact structure, perhaps the function's parameters are such that manifest_files is a set or list of the available digests. The problem is, without more info, I have to make an assumption. Let's proceed with the simplest case where manifest_files is a set or list containing all the digests present. Then the code can check membership directly.

So the code would:

- Iterate over each digest in digests_used.
- Check if it is present in manifest_files.
- Collect all missing ones.
- If any missing, return an error with those, else return nothing or success.

Now, the function's return is supposed to be the error() in the class. So the function should return the error if there's a problem. Maybe the error is an exception, but perhaps in this context, it's just a message. Let me see the function's return: the docstring says "Return error() in the class." So perhaps the error() method is a method that returns an error object or a formatted error string when called with a message.

So putting it all together:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    missing = []
    for digest in digests_used:
        if digest not in manifest_files:
            missing.append(digest)
    if missing:
        return self.error(f"Digests {missing} are missing in the manifest but are used.")
    # If all are present, return None or some success?
    return None  # Or perhaps the function is supposed to return an error only when there's a problem, else nothing?

Alternatively, perhaps the error is raised instead of returned, but the docstring says to return the error. So the function returns the error object when there's an issue, else maybe returns a success indicator. But the exact return behavior depends on the class's error method.

Assuming that error() returns an error object or message, then the code is as above.

Now, possible edge cases: if digests_used is empty, then no problem. If manifest_files is empty, then all digests_used would be missing. So the code should handle those.

Another point: the function's name suggests that it's checking that the needed digests are both present and used. Wait, the description says "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." Wait, maybe I misunderstood the problem. Let me re-read the docstring.

The docstring says: "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used. Return error() in the class."

Hmm, maybe I misinterpreted. Perhaps the function is to ensure that every digest in the manifest that is needed is both present (maybe redundant?) and used. Wait, perhaps it's checking that all the digests that are needed (i.e., used) are present in the manifest, and also that there are no extra digests in the manifest that are not used. Wait, the wording is a bit unclear.

Wait the exact wording is "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." Maybe it's to ensure that the digests that are needed (i.e., used) are present in the manifest, and also that they are actually used (so maybe the 'used' part is redundant, but perhaps it's checking that they are present in the manifest and also are indeed used). Alternatively, perhaps the 'used' part means that the digest is referenced in the code, so the function is checking that each digest in the manifest that is needed (i.e., used) is present in the manifest. Wait, maybe the wording is a bit confusing.

Alternatively, maybe it's ensuring that every digest in the manifest that is required (needed) is both present (maybe in some other structure?) and used. But that's unclear. Alternatively, perhaps the function is checking that all of the digests that are used (in digests_used) are present in the manifest_files. That's the original understanding.

Alternatively, perhaps the function needs to check two things:

1. All required digests (those in digests_used) are present in the manifest.

2. All digests present in the manifest are actually used (so no unused digests). But the wording is "that are needed are present and used". Hmm.

The original docstring says: "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." Maybe the wording is a bit awkward, but it might mean that every digest in the manifest that is needed (i.e., required to be present) is both present and used. Or perhaps it's checking that all the digests that are needed (i.e., in the used list) are present in the manifest and also are used (maybe a tautology). Alternatively, perhaps it's ensuring that each digest in the manifest is both present (maybe in another structure?) and used. But without more context, it's hard to say.

Given the function's parameters: manifest_files and digests_used. The function's task is likely to check that every digest in digests_used is present in the manifest_files. So the initial approach is correct.

Therefore, the code as outlined before should work.

Now, writing the code:

Wait, in Python, if manifest_files is a list, checking 'digest in manifest_files' is O(n) each time. If there are many digests, this could be slow. To optimize, convert manifest_files to a set first.

So better code:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    manifest_digests = set(manifest_files)  # assuming manifest_files is a list of digests
    missing = [d for d in digests_used if d not in manifest_digests]
    if missing:
        return self.error(f"Missing digests in manifest: {missing}")
    return None  # or whatever indicates success

This is more efficient.

Now, but what if manifest_files is not a list of digests but a list of file objects? Then this approach won't work, but given the function's name and parameters, I think it's safe to proceed with the above code.

So the final code would look like that. Let me structure it properly as part of a class method.

Wait, the function is a method of a class, so the code is inside a class. The error() method is part of the class, so self.error is called with the message.

Therefore, the code is as written above.
