Okay, I need to write a Python function called find_path_type that takes a path and returns a string indicating what type of thing is at that path. The possible return values are probably things like 'directory', 'file', 'symlink', or maybe 'unknown' if it doesn't exist. 

First, I should think about how to check the path. Oh right, in Python, the os or os.path modules can help here. Maybe using os.path.isfile(), os.path.isdir(), and checking for symlinks with os.path.islink(). But wait, symlinks can be files or directories, so I need to handle that.

Wait, the order of checking matters. Because a symlink might point to a file or directory, but the islink() would return True. So maybe first check if it's a symlink, and then check what it's pointing to. Or perhaps check for existence first. Hmm.

The steps might be:

1. Check if the path exists at all. If not, return 'unknown'.
2. Check if it's a symbolic link. If yes, then return 'symlink'? Or do we need to differentiate between symlink to file or directory? The problem says to return the type of the thing at the path. So maybe the symlink itself is a type, so even if it's a symlink to a file, the function should return 'symlink'? Or does the problem want to follow the symlink and report the actual type?

Hmm, the docstring says "the type of thing at the given path". So maybe the path itself is a symlink, so in that case, the type is 'symlink', regardless of where it points to. But maybe the question expects that if the path is a symlink to a directory, then the type is 'directory'? That's ambiguous. Let me think again.

Looking at the problem statement again. The function should return a string indicating the type of thing at the path. So perhaps the correct approach is to check whether the path is a symlink (regardless of its target), then check if it's a regular file, directory, etc. So the possible return values are 'file', 'directory', 'symlink', or 'unknown'.

Alternatively, maybe the symlink's target is considered. For example, if the path is a symlink pointing to a directory, then the type would be 'directory', but the presence of the symlink is considered. Hmm, but that might complicate things. The problem isn't specific, so perhaps the standard approach is to return 'symlink' if the path is a symlink, and otherwise check if it's a file or directory. 

Wait, the os.path.islink() returns True if it's a symlink, so the order of checks should be: first check if the path exists (using os.path.exists?), but wait, exists returns True if it's a file or directory, but not for a broken symlink. Hmm. Let me think again.

Wait, for a broken symlink (points to a non-existent path), os.path.exists would return False. So, first, check if the path exists. If not, return 'unknown'.

If it does exist, then check if it's a symlink (using islink). If yes, then return 'symlink'.

Otherwise, check if it's a directory (isdir) or a file (isfile). If neither, then maybe it's something else like a device file, so return 'unknown' again.

Wait but maybe there's a case where a path is a symlink and also a directory? Like if the symlink points to a directory, but the symlink itself is a symlink. So the type would be 'symlink', not 'directory', unless the function is supposed to follow the symlink. The problem isn't clear. 

Hmm, perhaps the intended behavior is to return 'directory' if it's a directory (even if it's a symlink to a directory?), or 'file' if it's a regular file. Wait, but in that case, the islink check would have to be separate. Let me think of the standard approach. 

Alternatively, the function could first check if it's a symlink, then return 'symlink', otherwise check if it's a directory or a file. That way, the presence of a symlink is detected first. 

So, the steps:

- If the path does not exist (os.path.exists(path) is False), return 'unknown'.

- Else, if os.path.islink(path) is True, return 'symlink'.

- Else, if os.path.isdir(path) is True, return 'directory'.

- Else, if os.path.isfile(path) is True, return 'file'.

- Else, return 'unknown' (maybe a device file, etc.)

That seems reasonable. 

Now, for writing unit tests first, as per the test-driven approach. Let's think of test cases.

First, the test should check for each possible return value. So:

Test 1: A regular file exists. Should return 'file'.

Test 2: A directory exists. Should return 'directory'.

Test 3: A symlink pointing to a file. Should return 'symlink'.

Test 4: A symlink pointing to a directory. Still 'symlink'.

Test 5: A broken symlink (points to a non-existent path). The path exists (the symlink exists), so it's a symlink, so 'symlink' is returned.

Test 6: A non-existent path. Returns 'unknown'.

Test 7: Something that's neither a file nor directory (like a socket, pipe, etc.) → 'unknown'.

But how to set up these tests? In the test code, perhaps using temporary files and directories.

So, in the tests, I can use the unittest module. Let me structure the tests:

First, import unittest and the function.

class TestFindPathType(unittest.TestCase):

    def test_file(self):
        with tempfile.NamedTemporaryFile() as f:
            self.assertEqual(find_path_type(f.name), 'file')

    def test_directory(self):
        with tempfile.TemporaryDirectory() as d:
            self.assertEqual(find_path_type(d), 'directory')

    def test_symlink_to_file(self):
        with tempfile.NamedTemporaryFile() as f:
            symlink_path = f.name + '_symlink'
            os.symlink(f.name, symlink_path)
            self.assertEqual(find_path_type(symlink_path), 'symlink')

    def test_symlink_to_directory(self):
        with tempfile.TemporaryDirectory() as d:
            symlink_path = d + '_symlink'
            os.symlink(d, symlink_path)
            self.assertEqual(find_path_type(symlink_path), 'symlink')

    def test_broken_symlink(self):
        # Create a broken symlink
        broken_path = 'broken_symlink'
        os.symlink('nonexistent', broken_path)
        self.addCleanup(os.remove, broken_path)
        self.assertEqual(find_path_type(broken_path), 'symlink')

    def test_nonexistent_path(self):
        nonexistent = '/path/that/does/not/exist'
        self.assertEqual(find_path_type(nonexistent), 'unknown')

    def test_other_type(self):
        # For example, a named pipe. Not sure how to create that easily.
        # Maybe skip this test for simplicity, or assume that the function can't handle it.
        # Perhaps in the test, we can't create such a file easily, so maybe omit this case.
        pass

Wait, but the 'other_type' case is hard to test. Maybe just focus on the main cases first.

Now, writing the actual code.

The code would need to import os. The function:

import os

def find_path_type(path):
    if not os.path.exists(path):
        return 'unknown'
    if os.path.islink(path):
        return 'symlink'
    if os.path.isdir(path):
        return 'directory'
    if os.path.isfile(path):
        return 'file'
    return 'unknown'

Wait, but what about the case where a path is both a file and a directory? That's impossible, so the order of checking is okay. 

Wait, the order: first check for symlink. If it's a symlink, return that. Else, check directory, then file. So if a path is a directory, even if it's a symlink? No, because the islink check would have already returned. 

Wait, let me test in code. Suppose a symlink to a directory. The path is a symlink, so the islink check returns True, so 'symlink' is returned, not 'directory'. Which is correct per the logic.

Yes, that's correct. 

So the code should work.

Now, let me check edge cases. What about a symlink that's a broken link? The path (the symlink itself) exists, so islink returns true. So the code returns 'symlink', which is correct.

Another case: a normal directory. The code returns 'directory'.

A regular file, 'file'.

A non-existent path, 'unknown'.

What about a device file (like /dev/null)? On Unix systems, os.path.isfile returns True? Let me check: in Python, for /dev/null, which is a character device, os.path.isfile returns True? Or is it considered a special file?

Wait, according to the Python docs, os.path.isfile returns True if the path is a regular file or a symbolic link to a regular file. Similarly, for directories, isdir returns True if it's a directory or a symlink to a directory. 

Wait, but in our code, we first check for islink. So, for example, if the path is a symlink to a device file, the code would return 'symlink'. But if the path is a device file that's not a symlink, then since isfile and isdir return false (since it's a device file), the code would return 'unknown' in that case. 

So that's acceptable, as per the problem's requirements. 

Therefore, the code should be correct.
