Okay, I need to write a Python function called files_list_from_zipfile that takes a zip_path and returns the list of files in that zip file. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that in Python, the zipfile module can be used to read zip files. So I should import zipfile. The function should open the zip file, then get the list of names inside. The ZipFile.namelist() method comes to mind. That returns all the entries in the zip, which are the file and directory names. So the function would open the zip, call namelist, and return that list.

But wait, the function's docstring says "Return the files in the given zip path." So maybe it's supposed to list the files, but not the directories? Hmm, the problem is, the namelist includes all entries, including directories. But maybe the user just wants all the entries. Since the problem isn't specific, I think the correct approach is to return everything in namelist. So the function would be straightforward.

Now, before writing the actual code, I should follow TDD. So first, write unit tests. Let me think of test cases.

First, a test zip file with some known files. Maybe create a temporary zip file in the test, add a couple of files, then check that the function returns their names. For example, a zip with 'file1.txt' and 'subdir/file2.txt'. The expected list should include both.

But how to set up the test? Using the unittest module, perhaps. Or using pytest. Since the user didn't specify, I'll use the standard unittest framework.

The test would need to create a temporary directory, create a zip file there, then call the function and assert the output.

Wait, but how to handle the zip creation in the test. Let's outline steps:

Test 1: Check that the function returns the list of files in a simple zip.

Set up: Create a zip with some files.

Test steps: call files_list_from_zipfile with the zip's path, assert that the returned list matches the expected entries.

Another test case: what if the zip has directories? Like a directory entry (ending with / or \\) but namelist includes those. So maybe include a directory in the zip and see if it's listed.

Another edge case: an empty zip (but that's probably rare). Or a zip with only directories.

Wait, but the problem says "files", so maybe directories shouldn't be included? The user's docstring isn't clear. The original function's description just says "the files", so maybe the test should check that directories are excluded. Hmm, but the namelist includes all entries. So perhaps the user expects all entries, including directories. Or maybe they want only the files, not the directories. That's ambiguous.

Hmm, but the problem says "generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring". The docstring is minimal. So I should proceed under the assumption that the function should return all entries in the zip file, as per namelist(). Because that's the standard way.

Therefore, the test should verify that the returned list is exactly the namelist of the zip.

So, in the test, I can create a temporary zip with some files and directories, then check that the function's output matches the namelist.

Now, how to write the test. Let's think of code for the test.

First, import unittest, zipfile, and maybe tempfile or os.

In the test case class, perhaps:

def test_files_list(self):
    # Create a temporary zip file
    with tempfile.TemporaryDirectory() as tmpdir:
        zip_path = os.path.join(tmpdir, 'test.zip')
        with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'w') as zf:
            zf.writestr('file1.txt', 'content')
            zf.writestr('subdir/file2.txt', 'more content')
            # Also add a directory entry? Like 'anotherdir/'
            zf.writestr('anotherdir/', '')
        expected = ['file1.txt', 'subdir/file2.txt', 'anotherdir/']
        result = files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path)
        self.assertListEqual(result, expected)

Wait, but when you write a directory entry, sometimes the slash is added automatically. Or maybe the way to create a directory is to write an empty string with the directory name and the slash. Like, for 'anotherdir/', you can do that. So the expected list includes those entries.

Another test could check for a zip with no files, but that's edge case. Maybe better to have at least one file.

Another possible test: check that the function handles a non-existent zip path. But the function's docstring doesn't mention error handling. So perhaps the function just raises an error if the zip is invalid, which is acceptable.

So the tests should cover the basic case.

Now, the actual code for the function would be:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    """
    Return the files in the given zip path.
    """
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zf:
        return zf.namelist()

Wait, but using 'r' mode is correct. That opens the zip for reading. So this should work.

Wait, but what about the path? If the zip_path is invalid, it will throw an error, which is correct. The function doesn't need to handle that since the user can catch exceptions as needed.

So that's the code. Let me check again. The test would pass with that code.

Wait in the test, the expected list includes the directory entries. So in the code, the namelist includes all entries, which matches the test.

So the code is straightforward. Now, putting it all together. The user wants the code generated, but following TDD, so first the test, then the code. But the question says to output only the code generated, in Python markdown format. So the code for the function.

Wait, but the problem says to generate the code based on the signature and docstring. So the code is as above.

Wait, but the function's docstring is very brief. Maybe I should add a more detailed docstring, but the user said to base it on the given one, so probably leave it as is.

Thus, the final code is:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    """
    Return the files in the given zip path.
    """
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zf:
        return zf.namelist()

Hmm, but in the test, the directory entry 'anotherdir/' is included, which is a directory. So the function returns all entries, including directories, which is correct as per zipfile's namelist. The user's function's docstring says "files", but maybe they meant all entries. So that's acceptable.

Therefore, the code is correct.
