Okay, I need to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is part of a class and is called 'format'. It takes 'sql' and 'params' as arguments and returns a tuple of the formatted SQL and the parameters. The docstring says to use self._converter.convert. 

First, I should think about what the function is supposed to do. The main task is to convert the SQL using the converter's convert method. But I need to make sure that the parameters are handled properly. The parameters can be either a dictionary or a sequence, as indicated by the type hints.

Hmm, the function's return type is a tuple of AnyStr and the same type as the params. So the converter's convert method probably takes the sql and the params and returns the formatted SQL along with possibly modified parameters. Or maybe the converter just modifies the SQL and leaves the params as is? The docstring isn't super clear, but the function's job is to use the converter's method.

Wait, maybe the converter's convert function takes the sql and the params and returns the new sql and possibly new params? So the format function's job is to call that method and return the result. So the code inside the method would be something like:

return self._converter.convert(sql, params)

But I should check if that's all. The parameters are passed as is? The function's parameters are of type AnyStr for sql, and the params can be a dict or sequence. The return types need to match.

So the actual code for the method is straightforward. But I also need to follow test-driven development. The user mentioned generating comprehensive unit tests first before writing the actual code. 

Wait, but the user is asking for the code generated based on the signature and docstring, so maybe the code is just the method's implementation. But the problem says to output only the code generated, in Python markdown format. So perhaps the code is the method's body, but let me think again.

The function's job is to call self._converter.convert with the sql and params, then return the result. So the code is as simple as that. 

But I need to make sure about the parameters. The function's parameters are sql and params, which are passed to the converter's convert method. The return is the tuple from that method.

So the code would be:

def format(
    self,
    sql: AnyStr,
    params: Union[Dict[Union[str, int], Any], Sequence[Any]],
) -> Tuple[AnyStr, Union[Dict[Union[str, int], Any], Sequence[Any]]]:
    return self._converter.convert(sql, params)

Wait, but maybe the converter's method has different parameters? The docstring says "using self._converter.convert", but I have to assume that the convert method takes the sql and params as arguments. Because otherwise, the function can't work. 

Therefore, the code is as simple as returning the result of the converter's convert method with the given parameters.

Now, regarding the tests. Since the user mentioned TDD, the tests should come first. But the problem says to generate the code based on the signature and docstring, so maybe the code is just the method's implementation. But the user also said to output only the code, so perhaps the actual code for the method is what's needed here.

Wait, the question says to generate the code based on the given signature and docstring. The function is part of a class, so the code is the method's body. The code for the method is straightforward, so that's it. 

I think that's all. The code is just calling the converter's method and returning the result. So the generated code is as above. Let me make sure the types match. The return type of the method is a tuple of AnyStr and the same type as params. The converter's method must return that, so the code is correct.
