Okay, I need to write a Python function called fix_namespace_prefix_w. The goal is to replace all occurrences of "w:st=" with "w-st=" in the given content string. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function is straightforward—it's a string replacement task. So the main thing is to use the right method to replace the substrings. The simplest way would be using the string's replace method. But maybe using a regular expression could be better, in case there are edge cases. Wait, the problem statement doesn't mention any edge cases, so maybe a simple replace is sufficient. 

Wait, but the problem says "namespace prefix", so perhaps the "w:" could be part of a tag attribute. So replacing exactly "w:st=" would be the key. Let me see. So the function would take a string, scan through it, and replace every instance of "w:st=" with "w-st=".

So the code would be something like:

def fix_namespace_prefix_w(content):
    return content.replace("w:st=", "w-st=")

That's really simple. But let me think about possible test cases. For example, if the input has "w:st=" multiple times, it should replace all. What if there's "w:st=" inside some other context? Like "w:st=something" becomes "w-st=something". That's exactly what's needed.

Now, the user mentioned to follow a test-driven approach. So first, I need to generate comprehensive unit tests before writing the code. Let me think of some test cases.

Test case 1: Simple replacement. Input has "w:st=" once. Output should have "w-st=".

Test case 2: Multiple occurrences. Input has "w:st=... w:st=..." should replace both.

Test case 3: No occurrence. Input has "xyz", the output should be same as input.

Test case 4: Case sensitivity. What if there's "W:st="? Since the function is case-sensitive, it should not replace that. So the test should check that uppercase letters are not replaced.

Test case 5: Edge cases like leading or trailing characters. Like "abc w:st=def" becomes "abc w-st=def". Or "w:st=" at the start or end.

Another test: overlapping scenarios? Like "w:st=w:st=" would become "w-st=w-st=".

These test cases can be written using pytest or unittest. Let me structure the tests.

Wait, the user wants me to generate the code, but first the tests. So the unit tests would be part of the thinking process here, but the actual code is the function.

Hmm, but the problem says to output only the code generated in Python markdown format. So I need to make sure that the function is correct based on the tests.

Wait, perhaps the function is indeed as simple as the replace method. Let me think again. Are there any possible issues?

Suppose the input is None? But the function's parameter is called content, which is a string. So I can assume that it's passed a string. The function doesn't need to handle non-string inputs, since the problem doesn't specify that.

Therefore, the code should be as simple as the replace method. So the final code is that one-liner.

Now, I should also consider if there's any scenario where the replacement could interfere with other parts. For example, if there's a string like "xw:st=y" which should become "xw-st=y", which is correct. So the replace method works here.

Therefore, the code is straightforward.
