Okay, I need to write a Python function called _validate_labels that checks the keys and values using validate_key() and validate_value(). But first, the user mentioned generating unit tests first using test-driven development. Wait, but the user wants me to output only the code, so maybe I should focus on the actual function now. Hmm, let me think.

The function's docstring says to check that keys and values in the given labels are validated by validate_key and validate_value. So the labels parameter is probably a dictionary. The function's responsibility is to iterate over each key-value pair in the labels, validate each key with validate_key(), and each value with validate_value(). If any validation fails, perhaps it raises an exception? The problem is, I don't know what validate_key and validate_value do. Oh right, maybe they are helper functions that are already defined elsewhere. So the _validate_labels function uses them.

Wait, but how do I structure this function? Let's see. The input is 'labels', which is a dictionary. For each key in labels, call validate_key on the key. For each value in labels, call validate_value on the value. If any of these calls raise an error, then _validate_labels should probably raise that error as well. So the function would loop through each key-value pair, apply the validations, and if any step fails, it stops and raises the error.

Wait, but how are the validate_key and validate_value functions implemented? Since I don't have their code, maybe I can assume that they raise exceptions when their respective checks fail. For example, if validate_key is supposed to check that the key is a string, then if it's not, it raises a ValueError. So in the _validate_labels function, I need to loop through each key and value, apply the validations, and let any exceptions propagate.

So the steps for the function are:

1. Check that the input 'labels' is a dictionary. Maybe that's part of the validation? The docstring doesn't mention it, but perhaps the function assumes that labels is a dict. If not, maybe it should raise an error. Wait, the problem says "given labels by validate_key() and validate_value()", so perhaps the function is only concerned with each key and value, not the structure of labels itself. So perhaps the first check is that labels is a dictionary. But maybe that's outside the scope here.

Assuming that labels is a dictionary, then:

for key, value in labels.items():
    validate_key(key)
    validate_value(value)

If either of those functions raise an error, the function will stop and raise that error. So that's the core of it.

Now, possible edge cases: what if labels is None? Or an empty dict? Well, if it's None, then labels.items() would throw an error. So maybe the first step is to check that labels is a non-None dictionary. But the docstring doesn't specify that. So perhaps the function just proceeds, and if labels is not a dict, then when you call .items(), it would raise an AttributeError. So maybe the function's responsibility is only to check each key and value, assuming that labels is a proper dictionary.

Alternatively, perhaps the function should first check that labels is a dictionary. Let me think. The function's docstring says "given labels", so maybe it's expected to be a dict. So perhaps adding an initial check:

if not isinstance(labels, dict):
    raise TypeError("Labels must be a dictionary")

But the problem's description doesn't mention that. Hmm, but the user's function signature doesn't include that, so maybe the function is designed to assume that labels is a dictionary. So perhaps I don't need to add that check here.

Now, putting it all together. The function would loop through each key-value pair, call validate_key on the key and validate_value on the value. If any of those calls fail (like by raising an exception), then the function stops and the exception is raised. So the code would be straightforward.

Wait, but the function's name is _validate_labels. Does it return anything? The docstring says "Check that keys and values...", so probably it doesn't return anything, but just raises exceptions if something is wrong. So the function's code would be:

def _validate_labels(labels):
    for key, value in labels.items():
        validate_key(key)
        validate_value(value)

But I need to make sure that validate_key and validate_value are in scope. Since the problem didn't mention them, perhaps they are helper functions that are already defined. So this code is correct.

Wait, but maybe the function is supposed to collect all errors and report them? Or does it stop at the first error? The problem says "Check that keys and values in the given labels by validate_key() and validate_value()". So probably, the first error encountered should be raised immediately. So the current code does that, as it loops through each key-value pair, and if any validate_key or validate_value raises an error, the loop stops and the error is propagated.

So that's the code.

Wait, but what about the order of checking? For each key-value pair, first check the key, then the value. So for a key that's invalid, it's caught first. That's correct.

Now, possible test cases (as per TDD, but the user wants the code, not the tests). The function is straightforward. So the code is as above.

Wait, but the problem says "generate Python code based on the function signature and docstring". The function signature is def _validate_labels(labels): with the docstring provided.

So the code is as written. But maybe there's more to it. Let me re-read the problem.

The function's docstring says "Check that keys and values in the given labels by validate_key() and validate_value()". So perhaps the 'given labels' are passed to those functions. The code I have does that.

Therefore, the code is correct as written.
