Okay, I need to write a Python function called append_text_to_file. Let me look at the parameters: file_name, text_buffer, encoding, and overwrite which is a boolean with default False. The docstring says it writes the data from the text buffer to a file. 

First, I should think about what the function needs to do. If overwrite is True, then the file should be opened in write mode, which truncates the file first. If it's False, then it should append, so open in append mode. The encoding is specified, so that's part of the open parameters.

Wait, the function's purpose is to write the text_buffer to the file. So, the modes would be 'w' with the encoding for overwrite, and 'a' with encoding otherwise. 

Now, I should consider edge cases. What if the file doesn't exist? Appending would create it, but overwriting would also create it. What about permissions? The function might raise an exception in that case, which is okay.

So the code structure would be:

Open the file in write mode if overwrite, else append mode, with the given encoding. Then write the text_buffer to it. Close the file? Well, using with statement ensures it's closed properly.

Wait, in Python, using 'with open(...) as f' is better because it handles closing. So the code would be something like:

def append_text_to_file(file_name, text_buffer, encoding, overwrite=False):
    mode = 'w' if overwrite else 'a'
    with open(file_name, mode, encoding=encoding) as f:
        f.write(text_buffer)

That seems straightforward. But I need to make sure that the text_buffer is a string. But the function's doc says it's a text buffer, so maybe the user is responsible for that. The function might not need to validate that, unless specified. Since the doc doesn't mention that, I'll proceed.

Now, the user mentioned generating unit tests first. Let me think about how to approach that. 

First, test the append functionality. Create a test file, write some text, then append more, check the contents. 

Second, test overwrite: writing the same file again, the content should be the new text, not the old plus new. 

Test different encodings, like 'utf-8' vs 'ascii'. Maybe test with a character that's not in ascii to ensure encoding is properly applied. 

Also test when the file doesn't exist; both append and write should create it. 

What about when overwrite is False and the file is empty? After writing, it should have the text. 

Edge cases: empty text_buffer? The function should still work, but the file remains as is. 

Possible errors: invalid encoding name, but that's probably an OSError or UnicodeError which the function can't handle, so the tests might not need to check that unless required.

So for the tests, maybe use a temporary directory to avoid clutter. Use the unittest module. 

Wait, but the user wants the code first, but in the problem, the instructions are to first generate the tests and then the code, but the output is only the code. Hmm, the user's instruction says to follow TDD, so first write the tests, then the code, but the output is just the code. So I need to make sure the code passes those tests. 

Let me outline the tests:

Test 1: Overwrite. Create a file with initial content, then call the function with overwrite=True and new text. Check that the file now has the new text.

Test 2: Append. Write some text, then append more. Check that the combined text is present.

Test 3: Encoding. Use a non-ASCII character and check the file's contents with the correct encoding.

Test 4: File doesn't exist. Both modes should create it.

Test 5: Empty text_buffer. Appending or overwriting with empty string should leave the file as is (if existing) or empty (if new).

Wait, when overwriting with empty string, the file would be created with zero length. 

So the code needs to handle all those scenarios. 

Now, back to the code. The function as I outlined should work. But wait, what about the 'b' mode? No, because the function is for text, so using text mode, not binary. The encoding is specified, so the mode is 'w' or 'a' with encoding.

I think that's all. So the code is as written above. Let me check for possible issues. 

What if text_buffer is bytes? But the function says "text buffer", so probably expects a string. If someone passes bytes, it would cause an error, but that's the user's fault. So the function is correct as per the specs.

Another possible point: the function doesn't return anything, just writes. That's fine.

So the final code would be the function as written.
