Okay, let's see. I need to write a Python function called _c_optimizations_ignored based on the given docstring. The function should return True if the environment variable PURE_PYTHON is set and its value is not empty or zero. Otherwise, it returns False.

First, I should think about how to check the environment variable. In Python, that's done using os.environ. So, I need to import the os module. Right, the function will look into os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON", default maybe None? Wait, the docstring says to check if the environ is not none and not 0. Hmm, maybe I should get the value and then check if it's truthy but not zero.

Wait, the exact condition is: return True if get "PURE_PYTHON" environ is not none and not 0. Wait, maybe the wording is a bit confusing. Let me parse the docstring again. The function should return True if the environ variable is not None and not 0. Wait, perhaps the actual condition is: if the environment variable is set (i.e., exists) and its value is not an empty string or "0"? Or is it that the value, when converted to an integer, is not zero?

Hmm, the docstring says "environ is not none and not 0". Wait, maybe the user meant that the value of the environment variable is set (i.e., exists) and is not the string "0". Because environment variables are strings. So, if the variable is present (i.e., not None when retrieved via os.environ.get) and the value is not an empty string or "0", then return True? Or maybe the check is whether the variable is set (exists) and its value is truthy (i.e., not empty or "0")?

Wait, the wording in the docstring is a bit ambiguous. Let me read again: "Return True if get "PURE_PYTHON" environ is not none and not 0, else return False". So, when they say "get PURE_PYTHON environ is not none and not 0", perhaps they mean that the value retrieved from the environment is not None (so the variable is set) and also not equal to "0". Because environment variables are strings. So, the steps are:

1. Get the value of the PURE_PYTHON environment variable. If it's None (i.e., the variable isn't set), then return False.

2. If the value is set (i.e., not None), then check if it's not equal to "0". So, if the value is "0", then return False. Otherwise, return True.

Wait, but the wording says "not none and not 0". So the condition is: (value is not None) and (value is not 0). Since the value is a string, the 0 here is probably a string "0". So the function should return True if the variable is set (not None) and the value is not an empty string? Wait, maybe the user intended that any non-zero value (like "1", "true", anything except "0") would trigger returning True. Or perhaps the check is simply whether the variable is set (exists) and its value is truthy (i.e., not empty or "0").

Alternatively, maybe the check is that the environment variable is set (exists) and its value is not an empty string. So, if it's set to "0", then it's considered as 0, so the condition would return False. Because the user said "not 0".

Hmm, perhaps the logic is:

If os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") is not None, then check if it's not equal to "0" (as a string). Wait, but maybe they want to consider the presence of the variable, regardless of its value, except when the value is "0". Or maybe any non-empty value, even "0", would count as True except when it's exactly "0".

Alternatively, perhaps the function should return True if the environment variable is set (i.e., exists) and its value is truthy (i.e., not empty or "0"). Wait, but how does that align with the docstring?

The docstring says "Return True if get "PURE_PYTHON" environ is not none and not 0, else return False". The wording is a bit unclear. Let me parse it again.

The "get" here refers to the result of getting the environment variable. So, the result of getting it (the value) is not None (so the variable is set) and not 0. So the value is not None and not 0. Since the environment variable is a string, the 0 here might be a string comparison. So, the function returns True if the variable is set (exists) and the value is not the empty string? Or maybe not the string "0"?

Wait, maybe the logic is:

If the environment variable is set (i.e., exists, so os.environ.get returns a non-None value), and the value is not an empty string or "0", then return True. Otherwise, return False. Or perhaps, regardless of the value, as long as it's set, except when it's "0".

Alternatively, perhaps the check is:

If the environment variable is set (i.e., not None), then return True unless its value is "0".

Wait, the wording is "not none and not 0". So, the value must be not None (so exists) and also not 0. Since the environment variable is a string, "0" would be the string "0", so if the value is "0", then it's considered 0, so the condition would be false. So the function returns True only when the variable exists and is not "0".

Wait, that makes sense. So the steps are:

1. Get the value via os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON", ""). Wait, but the default is optional. If we use os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON"), then if it's not present, it returns None. So, first, check if that value is not None. So, if it's None, then return False.

2. Then, check if the value is not equal to "0". So, if the value is "0", then return False. Otherwise, return True.

So the code would be something like:

def _c_optimizations_ignored():
    val = os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON")
    return val is not None and val != '0'

Wait, but the docstring says "not 0". So if the value is "0", then the condition is not met. So that's correct.

But what about if the value is an empty string? For example, if someone sets PURE_PYTHON to an empty string. Then val would be the empty string, which is not None and not equal to "0", so the function returns True. Is that intended? According to the docstring's wording, yes. Because the condition is that the value is not None and not 0. So empty string is not None, and not "0", so returns True.

Alternatively, maybe the user intended that the variable must be set (exists) and is not "0", so any non-"0" value (including empty string) would return True. That seems to fit the docstring.

So the code would be as above.

Now, the user also mentioned to follow a test-driven approach, first writing comprehensive unit tests before the code. But the question is to output the generated code, so the tests are part of the thought process but not part of the answer. But the code itself must be correct.

Wait, the user says to output only the code generated in Python markdown format, so the code block.

Now, I should make sure that the code uses os.environ.get. Also, the function returns True if the environment variable is set (exists) and its value is not "0".

So the code would be:

import os

def _c_optimizations_ignored():
    value = os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON")
    return value is not None and value != '0'

Wait, but in Python, comparing to '0' is a string. So that's correct.

Another case: if the variable is set to "0", then the function returns False. If it's set to "1", returns True. If it's not set, returns False. If it's set to an empty string (like PURE_PYTHON=), then returns True, because value is not None and not "0".

Yes, that seems correct based on the docstring.

Now, let me think about possible edge cases. For example, if the environment variable is set to "0", then the function returns False. If it's set to "false", it would return True, since that's not "0". But the user's intention might be to consider any non-zero value as activating the flag. But according to the docstring's wording, the only condition is that it's not "0". So that's correct.

Another case: if the variable is set to "00", then returns True, because it's not exactly "0".

So the code is correct.

So the final code should be as written above. Need to import os, then the function.

Wait, the function's docstring says "Return True if get "PURE_PYTHON" environ is not none and not 0". The wording uses "environ is not none and not 0", which might be a bit ambiguous. But the code as written should match that.

Yes, that's the correct approach.
