Okay, I need to write a Python class method called popitem, which removes the first inserted key's value and returns it as a tuple. The function's docstring says it should return the key and value in (key, value) format. 

First, I should think about what data structure this method is part of. Since popitem is a common method for dictionaries, maybe this is a custom dictionary-like class. But the standard dict in Python 3.7+ is ordered, so maybe this class is similar. The key point here is that the first inserted key is being removed. So, the class must maintain the insertion order, probably using a list or a linked list to track the order.

Wait, the standard dict's popitem() method in Python 3.7+ does remove and return an arbitrary (but implementation-dependent) key-value pair. However, in some versions, it might pop the last item. But the user's docstring specifies the first inserted key. So perhaps this is a different structure, like an OrderedDict. The standard OrderedDict's popitem has an argument to choose first or last, but maybe the user's class is designed to always pop the first inserted item.

So, the popitem method here needs to remove and return the first inserted key-value pair. 

To implement this, the class probably has an internal structure that tracks the insertion order. Let's assume the class uses a dictionary to store the key-value pairs and a list or a deque to track the order of insertion. 

So, the steps for popitem would be:

1. Check if the structure is empty. If it is, maybe raise a KeyError, similar to the standard dict's behavior when popitem is called on an empty dict.

2. Get the first key from the insertion order list.

3. Remove that key from the order list.

4. Get the value associated with that key from the internal dictionary.

5. Remove the key from the internal dictionary.

6. Return the key and value as a tuple.

Now, how to structure the class? The user hasn't provided the entire class, just the method. But to write unit tests, I need to consider possible test cases.

Wait, the user mentioned generating code via test-driven development. So first, I should generate unit tests before writing the actual code. But the problem says to output only the code generated based on the function signature. Hmm, but the user's instruction says to generate the code (the method's implementation) based on the signature and docstring. So maybe the code is part of a class, and I need to write the method's code.

But the method is part of a class. So I need to assume the class's structure. Since the problem is to generate the code for the popitem method, perhaps the class is a subclass of dict or uses some internal storage. 

Alternatively, maybe the class is a custom data structure that has a list to track insertion order. Let's assume that the class has an instance variable like self.items which is a list maintaining the insertion order, and self.data which is a dictionary for key-value storage.

Wait, perhaps the class is an ordered dictionary. Let me think of the standard approach. In Python's collections.OrderedDict, the popitem method can take a last argument. But in our case, the method should always remove the first inserted item. So, the code would need to access the first item in the insertion order.

So, in the class, perhaps the insertion order is stored in a list like self.order. So, when adding items, they are appended to self.order. Then, to pop the first item, you take the first element of self.order, remove it from the list, and delete from the data dict.

Putting that together, here's the method:

def popitem(self):
    if not self.order:
        raise KeyError("popitem(): empty class")
    first_key = self.order[0]
    del self.order[0]
    value = self.data.pop(first_key)
    return (first_key, value)

Wait, but this assumes that the class has a self.data (the actual key-value storage) and a self.order list. So, the method would have to be part of a class that has these attributes. The user's code should be written in that context.

But the problem is only to write the popitem method. So the code I need to output is the method's body, given that the class has these attributes.

Alternatively, perhaps the class is using a list to both track order and store the values. But that's less efficient. Alternatively, maybe using a linked list, but that's more complex. The list approach is simpler.

Assuming the class has:

class MyOrderedDict:
    def __init__(self):
        self.data = {}
        self.order = []  # list of keys in insertion order

Then, the popitem method would be as I outlined.

Now, the docstring says to return the key and value as a tuple. So, the order is (key, value).

Wait, the standard dict's popitem returns (key, value), so that's consistent. So, the code should return the key first, then the value.

Now, testing for possible cases:

Test 1: empty structure. Should raise KeyError.

Test 2: one item. Pop it, check the return value and that the structure is empty.

Test 3: multiple items. Pop the first, check that the next pop gets the next first.

But the user wants me to first write tests, then code. But the problem says to output only the code. So, perhaps I can proceed to write the code for the method.

Wait, the problem says "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

So, the code is the method's implementation. The user's code is part of a class, so I have to assume that the class has the necessary attributes. Since the problem didn't specify the rest of the class, perhaps the code is written in the context where self has a way to track insertion order.

Alternatively, maybe the class is a subclass of dict, and uses the inherent insertion order (since Python 3.7+ dicts are ordered). In that case, the popitem could be implemented by getting the first key (self.keys()[0], but that's not efficient. Alternatively, using next(iter(self.items())) to get the first item, but then you have to remove it. However, for a dict, you can't directly access the first key without iterating.

Wait, in a standard dict, to get the first key, you could do list(self.keys())[0], but that's O(n) for large dicts. But for the method, perhaps the user's class is built on top of a list to track insertion order.

In any case, the code for the method must work within the class's existing structure.

Assuming the class has a list called self.__order (like in some ordered dict implementations), and a dictionary self.__mapping for the key-value pairs, then the code would be:

def popitem(self):
    if not self.__order:
        raise KeyError("popitem(): dictionary is empty")
    key = self.__order.pop(0)
    value = self.__mapping.pop(key)
    return (key, value)

Alternatively, if the order is stored as a deque, but popping from the front is O(1). But the code would be similar.

Therefore, the code for the popitem method would need to check if there are any items, then remove the first key from the order list, then remove that key from the data storage, and return the tuple.

So, the final code would be as above, assuming the class has the necessary attributes. The user's function signature is def popitem(self), so the code must fit that.

Therefore, the code is as follows.
