Okay, I need to generate Python code for a popitem method that removes and returns the least recently used (LRU) item. The function's docstring says that. Hmm, so this is probably part of a class that implements an LRU cache or something similar. 

First, I should think about how to structure the class. The popitem method is usually part of a dictionary-like structure, like an OrderedDict. But since it's about LRU, maybe the class uses a dictionary combined with a linked list or some structure to track access times.

Wait, maybe the class is using an ordered dict where the least recently used is the first item? Or the last? Oh right, in an LRU cache, when you access an item, it becomes the most recently used. So the LRU would be the one that hasn't been used in the longest time. So, the popitem should remove the oldest one.

But how to represent that in code? Let me think. If I use a standard dictionary and a list to track order, but that might not be efficient. Alternatively, using a collections.OrderedDict could help because it maintains insertion order, but when items are accessed, they need to be moved to the end or something. Wait, maybe the class is built on top of an OrderedDict where each access moves the item to the end, so the first item is the LRU.

Alternatively, perhaps the class has a doubly linked list to track the order, with a hash map for quick access. That's a common approach for LRU caches. But the code here is just for the popitem method. So I need to see what the existing class structure is, but since the problem only gives the method signature, I have to assume the class has some internal structures to track the order.

Wait, the problem says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, so I have to write the method's code. But how? The method is part of a class that must have some internal state to track the LRU items. 

Wait, maybe the class is a subclass of dict, and uses an ordered dict internally. Let me think. Let's suppose the class has an instance variable like self.cache which is an OrderedDict. Then, when you popitem, you pop the first item. But in an OrderedDict, popitem has a last argument: if last is True, it pops the last item, else the first. So to get the LRU, perhaps the first item is the oldest. So the code would be something like:

def popitem(self):
    return self.cache.popitem(last=False)

But then the user's class must have such a structure. Since the problem is to write the code for the method, maybe the actual class uses an ordered dict, and this method just calls popitem on it with last=False. That seems plausible. 

Alternatively, maybe the code needs to handle the case where the dictionary is empty. Oh right, the problem's docstring doesn't mention raising KeyError if empty. The standard dict's popitem raises KeyError if empty. So the method should do the same. So the code would just delegate to the underlying ordered dict's popitem with last=False.

Therefore, the code for popitem is straightforward if the class uses an ordered dict. So the method would be as simple as that. 

But the problem also mentions generating unit tests first via test-driven development. So the user is supposed to first write the tests, then the code. But the actual output is just the code. So the code is correct as per the method's requirement. 

Wait, but the function is part of a class, so the code needs to be inside a class. But the problem only asks for the code for the popitem method. So the code would be:

def popitem(self):
    """Remove and return the (key, value) pair least recently used."""
    return self.cache.popitem(last=False)

But assuming that the class has a cache attribute which is an OrderedDict. 

Alternatively, maybe the class uses a different structure. For example, a linked list and a hash map. But without knowing the rest of the class's structure, the code has to be written in terms of existing variables. 

Alternatively, maybe the code uses a list to track the order. But that would be less efficient. 

Alternatively, perhaps the class's __init__ has a structure like:

def __init__(self):
    self.cache = OrderedDict()

Then the popitem method is as above. 

Therefore, given the problem constraints, the code for popitem is as above. 

So the final code would be:

def popitem(self):
    """
    Remove and return the `(key, value)` pair least recently used.
    """
    return self.cache.popitem(last=False)

But I need to make sure that the code is properly formatted in markdown. The user said to output only the code in python markdown format. So wrapping in ```python.

Wait, the problem says "output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So the code should be enclosed in triple backticks with the python language tag. 

Putting it all together, the code is as written above, inside the markdown code block.
