Okay, I need to write a Python function called match that checks if a filename is a Doxyfile. Let's see. The function takes a filename as an argument and returns True if the lowercase version of the filename is exactly 'doxyfile'. 

Wait, the docstring says "in lower case is 'doxyfile'". So the check is case-insensitive. So first, I should convert the filename to lowercase, then check if it equals 'doxyfile' exactly. 

So the steps are: take the input filename, convert it to lower case using .lower(), then compare to 'doxyfile'. Return the result of that comparison.

But what about different extensions or paths? The problem says to check the filename's type, so maybe the actual name can have any extension or path, but the base name must be 'doxyfile' when lowercased. Wait, the wording is a bit unclear. The problem says "the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'". Hmm. Maybe the function is supposed to determine the file type based on the name. Like, if the filename is exactly "Doxyfile" (case-insensitive), then it's a Doxyfile type. So the function just checks the base name?

Wait, the function's description says "the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'". So perhaps the filename's name (the actual base name, not the full path) must match exactly when lowercased. So for example, "Doxyfile", "doxyfile.txt", or "Doxyfile.conf" would not match, unless the base name is exactly "doxyfile". Wait, maybe the filename's name is exactly "doxyfile" when lowercased, regardless of any extensions or paths. Wait, but the problem says "the given filename", so the input is the full path or just the name? The function's argument is called "filename", so probably it's just the name part. 

Wait, the problem might be expecting to check the entire filename (without any path) in lowercase equals 'doxyfile'. So for example, if the filename is "Doxyfile", then it's a match. If it's "doxyfile.txt", then the base name is "doxyfile.txt", so lowercase would be "doxyfile.txt", which is not equal to "doxyfile". So that would return False. So the function is only true when the filename, when lowercased, is exactly "doxyfile".

Therefore, the code would be something like:

def match(filename):
    return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

Wait, but maybe the filename could have a path, like "/usr/share/doxyfile". So do we need to take the base name of the path? The problem's description isn't clear. The function's docstring says "the type of the given filename is...", so perhaps the filename is the full path, and the actual check is just the name part. 

Hmm, but the problem says "the given filename in lower case is 'doxyfile'". The wording suggests that the entire filename's lowercase is checked, not just the base name. So perhaps it's as simple as converting the entire filename to lowercase and checking equality. 

So the code is straightforward. Now, the user mentioned to use test-driven development. So first, I should generate unit tests. Let me think of test cases.

Test cases:

1. filename is "Doxyfile" → should return True. Because lowercase is "doxyfile".
2. filename is "doxyfile" → True.
3. "doxyFILE" → True.
4. "Doxyfile.txt" → lowercase is "doxyfile.txt" → not equal to "doxyfile" → returns False.
5. "readme" → False.
6. "Doxyfile" with different cases but same letters → True.
7. empty string → False.
8. "Doxyfile" with leading or trailing whitespace → like " Doxyfile " → lowercase would be " doxyfile " → not equal to "doxyfile".

Wait, so leading or trailing spaces would cause the check to fail. So the function treats the filename as is, trimming? Probably not. The function is just checking the exact string. So those cases would return false. 

So the unit tests would cover these scenarios. Let me think of writing tests with pytest or unittest. Since the user wants the code in Python markdown, but the first step is to generate the tests before the code. But the user wants me to output only the code (the function), but the process requires first writing tests. But the problem says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, following TDD by first writing tests then code. However, the user wants only the code output, so perhaps I need to just write the function, but I need to make sure it's correct based on the tests.

The function is straightforward. So the code would be as I thought: return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

Wait, but the return statement must return a boolean. That's correct.

So the final code is:

def match(filename):
    """
    Check if the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'

    Args:
        filename: filename to be check
    Returns:
        Return True if the type of the given filename in lower case is 'doxyfile'
    """
    return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

Yes, that should do it. Let me check edge cases again. What if the filename is "Doxyfile." with a trailing dot? Then lowercase is "doxyfile.", which is not equal. So correct. What about all uppercase? "DOXYFILE" → lowercase is doxyfile → True. So that's correct. 

So the code should work.
