Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_none_string that checks if a given value is a string that represents 'None'. The function should return True only if the input is a string and, when converted to lowercase, equals 'none'. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, the function's parameters: it takes 'val' of any type. So the first check is whether the type of val is a string. If it's not a string, return False immediately. Then, convert the string to lowercase and check if it's exactly 'none'.

Wait, but what about cases like leading or trailing whitespace? The docstring doesn't mention trimming, so I shouldn't do that. Just the exact lowercase comparison. So, for example, "None" would become "none" when lowercased, which is a match. But "NONE" would also become "none" with .lower(). So any case of the letters as long as when lowercased it's 'none'.

So steps for the function:
1. Check if the input is a string. If not, return False.
2. Convert the string to lowercase.
3. Check if the lowercase string is equal to 'none'.
4. Return the result of that check.

Now, for the unit tests. Since the user mentioned test-driven development, I should first think of the tests.

Possible test cases:

Test 1: Input is a string 'None' → should return True.
Test 2: Input is 'none' → True.
Test 3: Input is 'NONE' → True because lower() makes it 'none'.
Test 4: Input is 'nOnE' → also True.
Test 5: Input is a different string like 'null' → False.
Test 6: Input is a number, like 5 → False because not a string.
Test 7: Input is an empty string → False since it's not 'none'.
Test 8: Input is 'None ' (with trailing space) → becomes 'none ' when lowercased, so not equal to 'none' → False. So leading/trailing spaces matter here.
Test 9: Non-string types like None itself → returns False because type is not string.

These tests should cover all the conditions. Now, writing the unit tests using pytest or unittest. Since the code is to be written first, but the user wants the tests first, but the problem says to generate the code based on the signature and docstring. Wait, the user's instruction says to generate the code (the function) but the tips mention generating tests first. But the user now wants only the code, so perhaps the code is the function, and the tests are part of the thinking process.

Wait the actual task is to generate the code (the function) based on the given signature and docstring, so the tests are part of the TDD process but the code to output is just the function. So I need to make sure the function is correct.

Now, the code for the function:

def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:
    return isinstance(val, str) and val.lower() == 'none'

Wait, that's concise. Let's see: first checks if it's a string. If yes, then checks if lower() equals 'none'. So combining both conditions with 'and' returns the correct boolean.

Alternatively, written as:

def is_none_string(val):
    if not isinstance(val, str):
        return False
    return val.lower() == 'none'

Either way is fine. The first version is more concise. Let me test with some examples.

Testing 'None' → yes, becomes 'none' → True. 'none' → yes. 'null' → no. 5 → not a string → False. Empty string → no. All good.

So the code should be as above.

Now, the user wants the code in Python markdown format, but just the code. So the final code is the function as written.

Wait, the function's parameters have a type hint 'any' which is written as 'any' in Python. But in Python 3.10+, using the 'any' type would be from typing, but perhaps the function is written with the given signature, so the code should exactly match the signature provided. The given signature uses 'def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:', so perhaps the user wants that. But in Python, the type hints should use the correct types. Wait, 'any' is not a valid type here. Oh, but in Python, the 'any' here is just a type hint, but actually, the function can take any type. So the code as written would have the type hint as 'any', but in Python, the correct way is to import 'Any' from typing, but maybe the user is okay with the given signature as is. Since the problem says to use the given signature, so the code should use 'any' as the type hint. Wait, but in Python, the type hint for 'any type' is 'object', but in the problem's signature, it's written as 'any', so perhaps the user just wants to leave it as 'any' even if it's not standard. Hmm. Alternatively, maybe it's a typo and should be 'Any' from typing. But given the problem's instruction, I have to use the given signature exactly. So the code will have 'def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:'.

So the final code is as written above. Let me confirm again.

Yes, that's the correct approach. So the code is:

def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:
    """
    Check if a string represents a None value.
    Returns:
        Return True if the type of val is string and the lowercase of val is equal to 'none', otherwise return False
    """
    return isinstance(val, str) and val.lower() == 'none'

That should work.
