Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_local that checks if a given host is the localhost. The docstring says that localhost includes local IPs like 127.0.0.1, the hostname 'localhost', the local domain name, the username, and maybe other local addresses. Hmm, wait, the username part is a bit confusing. Oh right, maybe the username isn't part of the host string here. Maybe the local domain name could be something like 'localhost.localdomain' or similar. Also, the local IP addresses could include other variations like ::1 for IPv6.

First, I should think about what exactly constitutes a local host. The standard ones are 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', and '::1'. The local domain name might depend on the system, but perhaps the function is supposed to check for common variations. Alternatively, maybe the function should check if the host is in a list of known local identifiers. But how do I get the local domain name or the system's own hostname?

Wait, the problem says that the host is considered local if it includes the local IP, user name, local domain name, 'localhost', or '127.0.0.1'. Wait, the user name? That part is unclear. Maybe it's a mistake, or perhaps the user name is part of the host string? Like, if the host is something like 'user@localhost'? Or maybe that's a misunderstanding in the problem description. Let me read the docstring again: "the localhost include local IP, user name, local domain name, `localhost` and `127.0.0.1`". Hmm, maybe the user name is part of the host, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, perhaps the user name isn't part of the host here. Maybe it's a typo, and they meant the local hostname instead of user name. Maybe I should focus on the clear parts first.

So the main points are: check if the host is 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1', or the system's own hostname. Also, the local domain name might be something like 'localhost.localdomain' or the actual domain the system is in. But how do I get that programmatically?

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to check for a list of known local hostnames and IPs. Let's see. The standard approach is to check if the host is in a predefined list. For example, the list could include 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1', and maybe the actual hostname of the system. But how do I get the system's own hostname?

Wait, the function's docstring says "local domain name", which might be the domain part of the system's fully qualified domain name. But maybe the function can't dynamically get that, so perhaps the problem expects to include common possibilities like 'localhost', 'localhost.localdomain', and similar.

Alternatively, maybe the function should also check if the host is the system's own hostname. To get that, we can use socket.gethostname(). But then, that would require importing socket. Let me think about that.

So steps to solve:

1. The function should return True if the host is one of the known local identifiers.

2. The known local identifiers include:

   - 'localhost'

   - '127.0.0.1'

   - '::1' (IPv6 loopback)

   - The system's own hostname (obtained via socket.gethostname())

   - The system's fully qualified domain name (socket.getfqdn())

   - Any other local IP addresses (like 127.0.0.2, but those are not standard loopback addresses. Wait, no, only 127.0.0.0/8 are considered loopback. So maybe any IP in that range?

Wait, the problem says "local IP" which might refer to any IP in the 127.0.0.0/8 range, but the docstring says "include local IP, user name, local domain name...", so perhaps the local IP is any in that range. But the function's parameters are a host, which can be an IP or a hostname. So, perhaps the function needs to check if the host is an IPv4 or IPv6 address in the loopback range, or a hostname that resolves to such an address.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to check if the host is in a list of known loopback names and addresses, plus the system's own hostname and domain name.

Hmm, this is getting a bit complicated. Let's start with the basic cases first. The function should return True for 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1', and possibly the system's own hostname and FQDN.

But how to handle the system's own hostname? For example, if the system's hostname is 'myhost', then 'myhost' would be considered local. Similarly, the FQDN might be 'myhost.localdomain', so that's also considered local.

So to implement this, perhaps the function can do the following:

- Check if the host is in a list of known loopback names (like 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1').

- Also check if the host matches the system's own hostname (as obtained via socket.gethostname()), or the FQDN (socket.getfqdn()).

Additionally, check if the host is an IPv4 or IPv6 address in the loopback ranges.

Wait, but how do I check if an IP is in the loopback ranges?

For IPv4, the loopback is 127.0.0.0/8. So any address where the first octet is 127, and the rest can be anything, but the standard is 127.0.0.1. But perhaps any address in that range is considered loopback.

For IPv6, ::1 is the loopback address.

So, to check if an IP address is in the loopback range, the function would need to parse the IP and check.

But how to handle that in Python? Using the ipaddress module maybe?

Alternatively, the function could use socket to check if the address resolves to the loopback interface.

Alternatively, perhaps the function can use the gethostbyname function to see if the host resolves to 127.0.0.1 or ::1, but that might not be reliable, especially if the host is a name that resolves to another address.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem expects a simpler approach where the function checks for exact matches of known local names and IPs, plus the system's own hostname and FQDN.

Let me outline the steps for the function:

1. Check if the host is one of the standard loopback names/addresses: 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1'.

2. Check if the host matches the system's own hostname (socket.gethostname()).

3. Check if the host matches the system's FQDN (socket.getfqdn()).

4. Check if the host is an IPv4 or IPv6 address in the loopback range.

Wait, but the problem's docstring says "local IP" so maybe any address in the loopback range is considered local. So the function needs to check that.

So steps for the code:

First, import socket and ipaddress modules.

Wait, but maybe the user expects a simple solution without those modules. Let me see.

Alternatively, perhaps the function can be written as:

def is_local(host):

    if host in ['localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1']:

        return True

    try:

        # Check if it's the system's hostname or FQDN.

        hostname = socket.gethostname()

        fqdn = socket.getfqdn()

        if host == hostname or host == fqdn:

            return True

    except:

        # If socket isn't available, maybe skip these checks?

        pass

    # Check if the host is an IPv4 in loopback range.

    # For IPv4: 127.0.0.0/8.

    # Split into parts.

    if '.' in host and ':' not in host:  # IPv4, not an IPv6.

        parts = host.split('.')

        if len(parts) == 4:

            try:

                nums = [int(p) for p in parts]

                if nums[0] == 127:

                    return True

            except:

                pass

    elif host.startswith('::1'):  # Maybe IPv6 loopback?

        # IPv6 loopback is ::1.

        if host == '::1':

            return True

    return False

Wait, but this might not cover all IPv6 cases. Also, the code above might have some errors. For example, the IPv4 check would check if the first octet is 127, but the rest can be anything, so any address in 127.0.0.0/8. But the code above would return True even if it's 127.255.255.255, which is part of the loopback range.

However, in practice, such addresses are not commonly used, but the function should consider them as local.

But perhaps the code should check the entire IPv4 address is in 127.0.0.0/8.

Alternatively, using the ipaddress module:

import ipaddress

def is_local(host):

    # Check known names and addresses.

    if host in ['localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1']:

        return True

    # Check system's hostname and FQDN.

    try:

        hostname = socket.gethostname()

        fqdn = socket.getfqdn()

        if host == hostname or host == fqdn:

            return True

    except:

        pass  # maybe?

    # Check if it's an IPv4 or IPv6 loopback.

    try:

        ip = ipaddress.ip_address(host)

        return ip.is_loopback

    except ValueError:

        pass  # Not an IP address.

    return False

This seems better. The ipaddress module's is_loopback method checks if it's in the loopback range.

So combining all these checks:

The function first checks for the standard names, then checks the hostname and FQDN, then checks if the host is an IP address in the loopback range.

This approach should cover the cases.

Now, for the unit tests, as per TDD, I should first write tests.

Possible test cases:

Test that 'localhost' returns True.

Test '127.0.0.1' returns True.

Test '::1' returns True.

Test the system's own hostname (but in a test, we can't know it, so perhaps mock it).

Test 'myhost' (if that's the system's hostname).

Test 'myhost.localdomain' (if that's the FQDN).

Test an IPv4 address like '127.0.0.2' which should return True.

Test a non-loopback IP like '8.8.8.8' returns False.

Test a hostname that's not local, like 'google.com' returns False.

Also, edge cases like empty string, or invalid host.

But in tests, we can mock the socket functions to return known values for hostname and FQDN.

Wait, but in unit tests, how to handle the system's hostname and FQDN?

Maybe in the tests, we can patch socket.gethostname and socket.getfqdn to return known values.

Alternatively, the tests can check that when the host matches those values, it returns True.

So, for example, in a test where we mock the hostname as 'testhost' and FQDN as 'testhost.local', then the host 'testhost' should return True, and 'testhost.local' should return True.

But writing the tests would require using the unittest.mock module to patch the socket functions.

Alternatively, perhaps the tests can be written in a way that doesn't depend on the actual system's hostname, by parameterizing the tests.

Hmm, but this is getting a bit involved. Let's outline the tests:

First, the standard cases:

def test_localhost(self):

    self.assertTrue(is_local('localhost'))

def test_127_0_0_1(self):

    self.assertTrue(is_local('127.0.0.1'))

def test_ipv6(self):

    self.assertTrue(is_local('::1'))

Then test an IPv4 in loopback:

def test_loopback_ipv4(self):

    self.assertTrue(is_local('127.168.0.1'))

Then test system hostname:

def test_hostname(self):

    with patch('socket.gethostname', return_value='myhostname'):

        self.assertTrue(is_local('myhostname'))

Similarly for FQDN:

def test_fqdn(self):

    with patch('socket.getfqdn', return_value='myhost.localdomain'):

        self.assertTrue(is_local('myhost.localdomain'))

Also test a non-loopback IP:

def test_non_loopback_ip(self):

    self.assertFalse(is_local('192.168.1.1'))

Test a non-matching hostname:

def test_other_hostname(self):

    with patch('socket.gethostname', return_value='anotherhost'):

        self.assertFalse(is_local('somerandomhost'))

Edge cases:

def test_empty_string(self):

    self.assertFalse(is_local(''))

def test_invalid_ip(self):

    self.assertFalse(is_local('256.0.0.1'))  # invalid IP

def test_mixed_case(self):

    # Not sure, but case shouldn't matter for hostnames?

    self.assertFalse(is_local('LocalHost'))  # unless it's case-insensitive, but the function is case-sensitive.

Wait, the function as written compares exactly. So 'LocalHost' would not be considered localhost. So the test should return False.

Alternatively, maybe the function should be case-insensitive for the hostname parts. But the problem's docstring doesn't mention that, so perhaps not.

So the function as written is case-sensitive.

Another test case: 'LOCALHOST' should return False unless the code is case-insensitive. Since the code compares exactly, it should return False. So the test would check that.

def test_uppercase(self):

    self.assertFalse(is_local('LOCALHOST'))

Also, test that a host like 'user@localhost' would return True? But the docstring mentions "include local IP, user name, local domain name...", which is confusing. If the host includes a username, like in an email or some other format, but the function is supposed to check if the host part is local. But perhaps the function treats the entire host string as the hostname or IP. So 'user@localhost' would have the host part as 'localhost', but maybe the function is considering the entire string. Wait, the problem says "host is the hostname or ip". So the function should check the entire host string. So 'user@localhost' would not be considered a local host because the host part is 'user@localhost'? Or perhaps the username is part of the host in some contexts, but the function is supposed to ignore that. The problem statement is a bit unclear here.

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the function should treat the entire host as a string, so 'user@localhost' would not be considered local, unless the username is part of the hostname. Since the problem says "include user name" in the localhost criteria, maybe the function should check if the username is part of the host. But how to get the local username? That's unclear. Maybe this part of the problem description is a mistake. Since it's unclear, perhaps we can ignore that part and focus on the other criteria.

Assuming that the 'user name' part is a mistake, the function should proceed as above.

Now, putting it all together.

The code would use socket and ipaddress modules.

Wait, but in Python, the ipaddress module is available from 3.3 onwards, so if the code needs to be compatible with older versions, perhaps not. But assuming the user is using a recent Python version.

So the code would be:

import socket

import ipaddress

def is_local(host):
    """
    Checks if the host is the localhost,
    the localhost include local IP, user name, local domain name, `localhost` and `127.0.0.1`

    Args:
        host: The hostname or ip

    Returns:
        True if the host is the localhost else False
    """
    # Check known loopback names
    if host in {'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1'}:
        return True

    # Check if it's the system's hostname or FQDN
    try:
        if host == socket.gethostname() or host == socket.getfqdn():
            return True
    except:
        # If getting the hostname fails, proceed
        pass

    # Check if it's an IPv4 or IPv6 loopback address
    try:
        ip = ipaddress.ip_address(host)
        return ip.is_loopback
    except ValueError:
        # Not an IP address
        pass

    return False

Wait, but the code uses a set for the first check. Also, the hostname and FQDN checks are in a try block to handle any exceptions (like if the socket module can't get the hostname for some reason, but that's unlikely).

Testing this code with the unit tests would cover the cases.

Now, let me think about possible edge cases. For example, if the hostname is 'localhost', then it would be covered in the first check. But the code would also catch it via the hostname check. That's okay.

Another case: if the FQDN is 'localhost.localdomain', then that would be considered local via the FQDN check.

What about IPv6 addresses with other forms, like '0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1'? The ipaddress module would parse that as an IPv6 address and return is_loopback as True.

Yes, because the is_loopback method checks if it's in the ::1/128 range.

So that should be covered.

Testing that code with the tests would be good.

Now, the user wants the code to be generated. So the code above should work, but let me check again.

Wait, the code uses 'ip.is_loopback' which is correct. The first part checks for the exact strings. The system's hostname and FQDN are checked. So this should meet the requirements.

Yes, I think this code should work.
