Okay, I need to write a Python function called force_string that takes an object and returns it decoded as a UTF-8 string if it's a bytes type or a numpy.bytes_, otherwise returns the original object. Let me think through how to approach this.

First, the function's purpose is to force the conversion of bytes-like objects to a string using UTF-8. But I have to check if the input is either a bytes type or a numpy.bytes_. Wait, numpy has a bytes type? Oh right, numpy has numpy.bytes_ which is like the bytes equivalent in numpy. So the function needs to check if the object is an instance of either bytes or numpy.bytes_. 

Wait the description says "if it is a numpy.bytes or bytes". Wait, maybe the user meant numpy.bytes_ (since numpy uses that type name). So I'll need to import numpy and check for those types. 

The return is supposed to be the decoded string if it's bytes or numpy.bytes_, else return the original object. Wait the description says "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". Wait, that wording is a bit confusing. Let me read again: "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". Hmm, maybe that's a mistake. Wait, maybe the intended meaning is that if the input is bytes or numpy.bytes_, decode it to a string (using UTF-8), and return that. But if it's already a string (like a str in Python 3), then return it as is. Wait, but the wording says "returns the bytes object corresponding to obj if it is a string", which seems backwards. Maybe that's a typo. Let me check the docstring again.

Looking at the docstring: "Returns: returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". Wait that seems contradictory. Wait, perhaps the user intended the function to return a string when the input is bytes, but the return description is phrased incorrectly. Maybe the correct behavior is: if the input is bytes or numpy.bytes_, decode to a string (using UTF-8), else return the original object. The docstring might have a mistake in the return description. Let me proceed under that assumption because otherwise the return statement is confusing. Because if the input is a string, then returning the bytes would be the opposite. So perhaps the actual desired function is to convert bytes to a string, and leave other types as is.

So the steps for the function are:

1. Check if the object is an instance of bytes or numpy's bytes_ type.
2. If yes, decode it using UTF-8 to a str (in Python 3, that's the default for .decode() without specifying an encoding? Wait no, .decode() needs an encoding. So bytes.decode('utf-8') would be needed.
3. Return the decoded string.
4. If it's not one of those types, return the original object.

Wait, but the function's name is 'force_string' so that makes sense. So the function's purpose is to turn bytes into a string, but leave other objects as they are.

Now, handling numpy: I need to import numpy and check if the object is an instance of numpy.bytes_. But numpy might not be installed, so perhaps the code should handle that? Or the function's user is expected to have numpy? The problem says "if it is a numpy.bytes or bytes", so probably the function should check for numpy's bytes type. So in code, I need to do:

import numpy as np

Then, in the function:

if isinstance(obj, (bytes, np.bytes_)):

But what if numpy is not imported? The code would fail. So the function's author must have numpy as a dependency. So I can proceed with that.

Now, writing the code:

def force_string(obj):
    import numpy as np
    if isinstance(obj, (bytes, np.bytes_)):
        return obj.decode('utf-8')
    else:
        return obj

Wait, but putting the import inside the function might be inefficient, but in Python it's okay as long as it's done once. Alternatively, the import could be at the top, but the problem didn't mention that. Let's assume the code can have the import at the top. Wait, but in the function's code, we need to have the numpy import. So in the code, the user will have to have numpy installed. So the code should include the import.

Wait, but in the code that the user is to generate, the function must be written correctly. So the code should have an import numpy as np at the top, or inside the function.

Hmm, perhaps better to have the import inside the function? Or at the top? Probably, the function should have the import at the top. So the code would be:

import numpy as np

def force_string(obj):
    ...

So the code would start with that.

Now, unit tests. The user mentioned to first generate comprehensive unit tests before writing the code, using TDD approach. So I need to think of the test cases.

Test cases:

1. Input is a bytes object: b'hello' → should return 'hello' as a string.
2. Input is a numpy.bytes_ object: np.bytes_('test') → decode to 'test'.
3. Input is already a string → return as is.
4. Input is another type, like integer → return the integer.
5. Edge case: bytes with invalid UTF-8? Wait, but the function's doc says to use 'utf-8' for decoding. So if the bytes are not valid UTF-8, this would raise an error. But the function's spec doesn't mention handling errors, so the function should just proceed and let exceptions be raised? The problem says nothing about error handling, so we can assume that the bytes are valid UTF-8.

Wait, but the function's doc doesn't mention error handling. So perhaps the function is supposed to just decode, and if it can't, it's an error. So the tests can check that.

Test case 1:

Test that bytes are decoded to str.

def test_bytes_input(self):
    input_val = b"test string"
    expected = "test string"
    assert force_string(input_val) == expected

Test case 2: numpy.bytes_:

def test_numpy_bytes(self):
    import numpy as np
    input_val = np.bytes_("hello")
    expected = "hello"
    assert force_string(input_val) == expected

Test case 3: already a string:

def test_string_input(self):
    s = "already a string"
    assert force_string(s) == s

Test case 4: other type, like int:

def test_other_type(self):
    num = 42
    assert force_string(num) == num

Test case 5: empty bytes:

def test_empty_bytes(self):
    assert force_string(b"") == ""

Test edge cases like that.

Also, maybe check for a bytes object that has non-UTF-8 characters. Wait, but in Python, bytes can be decoded even if they have invalid sequences, but that would raise a UnicodeDecodeError. So the function would raise an error in that case. But the problem's doc doesn't mention handling such cases, so perhaps the tests don't need to cover that, unless the function is supposed to handle it, which it isn't.

So the tests should cover the main cases.

Now, putting all together. The user wants the code in Python markdown format, only the code. So the code would be the function with the numpy import, and the tests would be written first, but since the problem says to output only the generated code (the function), the tests are not part of the output. Wait, the problem says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. The TDD approach is just part of the process, but the output is just the code for the function.

So the code for the function would be:

import numpy as np

def force_string(obj):
    """
    Force decoding obj with 'utf-8' if it is a numpy.bytes or bytes

    Args:
        obj: consistency config

    Returns:
        returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`
    """
    if isinstance(obj, (bytes, np.bytes_)):
        return obj.decode('utf-8')
    else:
        return obj

Wait, but the docstring says "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". Wait, that seems backwards. Because if obj is bytes, the function returns a string, not a bytes object. The docstring's return description might have a mistake. The user probably intended that if the input is bytes or numpy.bytes_, return the decoded string, else return the original object. So the function does that, but the docstring's return part is incorrect. But since we have to follow the docstring as given, perhaps the user made a mistake here. 

Wait, the return statement says: "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". Wait, that would mean if obj is a string (str), then convert to bytes? But that's the opposite of the function's purpose. So maybe the docstring has an error. Since the function's name is force_string, it's more likely that the intended behavior is to decode bytes to string, so the docstring's return part is wrong, but we have to proceed as per the function's purpose. 

Therefore, the code as written is correct, despite the docstring's wording. So the code is as above.

Wait, but in the return line, the description says "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string". So if obj is a string, then return bytes? But that's the opposite of what the function does. So perhaps the user intended the function to return a string when given bytes, but the docstring is written incorrectly. Since the problem says to follow the function's docstring, but the function's purpose is clear from the description, maybe there's a mistake in the docstring. However, the user might have made a typo, and the correct return is that when obj is bytes, return a string, else return obj. So the code is correct as written.

Therefore, the code should be as above.
