Okay, I need to write the Python function was_processed based on the given docstring. Let's start by understanding the requirements. The function should check if a path has been processed before to prevent recursion. The steps I think are:

First, the path_name needs to be converted to an absolute path. Oh right, because the same relative path in different directories could be considered different. So using os.path.abspath makes sense here. Wait, but maybe we should also normalize the path to handle things like symbolic links or '..'? Hmm, the doc says to expand to absolute path, so maybe just absolute is enough. But maybe using os.path.realpath to resolve symlinks would be better to avoid cases where different symlinks point to the same place. Wait, the problem mentions preventing recursion, so perhaps the key is to track the actual paths being processed. Let me check the doc again. The description says to expand to absolute path, so maybe just using abspath. Or maybe the function should use os.path.abspath and then check if that's in the processed set.

So the steps are: take the path_name, get its absolute path, then check if it's in the 'processed' set. If it is, return True. Otherwise, add it to the set and return False. Also, if verbose is True, we should print a message when it's already processed.

Wait, the function's return is to return True if it's already in the set, so when the path is already there, we report the issue (maybe via verbose output) and return True. Otherwise, add it and return False.

So the code outline would be:

def was_processed(processed, path_name, verbose):
    abs_path = os.path.abspath(path_name)
    if abs_path in processed:
        if verbose:
            print(f"Already processed: {abs_path}")
        return True
    processed.add(abs_path)
    return False

Wait, but the function's name is a bit confusing. Because the function returns True when it was already processed, meaning that the caller should not process it again. So the name 'was_processed' makes sense here.

But I need to make sure that the path is stored as absolute. So converting path_name to absolute first is correct. Also, the processed set is passed in, so each call uses the same set to track all processed paths.

Now, the tests. Let's think of test cases. For example:

Test case 1: A path that's not in the set. So the function adds it and returns False. Check that the set now has the path.

Test case 2: The same path again. The next call should return True, and the set remains the same.

Test case 3: Using a relative path and an absolute path. Since we convert to absolute, they should be considered the same. For example, if the current directory is /home/user, then passing 'file.txt' and '/home/user/file.txt' should both be treated as the same, so the second call would return True.

Test case 4: With verbose=True, check that the print statement is made. Since capturing print statements in tests can be done via the unittest module's capture, but in code, we can just have the function print.

Wait, the unit tests need to be written first. Let me think how to structure them.

First, the tests would be in a test_was_processed module. Using the unittest framework.

Sample test case:

Test that when a path is first processed, it returns False and adds to the set.

Another test where the same path is checked again, returns True.

Test with a relative path and an absolute path being considered the same.

Also, test the verbose output. For that, perhaps using the captured output. Like, when verbose is True, the function should print a message when the path is already in the set.

Wait, the verbose output is only when the path is already in the set. The doc says "report the issue and return True". So when it's already present, if verbose is True, output the message. So in the test, when the path is already there and verbose is on, check that the output is printed.

Hmm, how to test the print? Using the unittest.TestCase's assertLogs maybe, or capturing stdout. Let's see, for example:

import io
from contextlib import redirect_stdout

def test_verbose(self):
    f = io.StringIO()
    with redirect_stdout(f):
        processed = set()
        result = was_processed(processed, '/path', True)
        self.assertFalse(result)
        # Now call again
        result2 = was_processed(processed, '/path', True)
        self.assertTrue(result2)
        self.assertIn("Already processed: /path", f.getvalue())

But that's a possible approach. But in the test, you have to make sure that the output is captured properly.

Now, the actual code: the function is straightforward, but need to import os. Wait, in the code, the code must have import os at the top. So the code will be:

import os

def was_processed(processed, path_name, verbose):
    abs_path = os.path.abspath(path_name)
    if abs_path in processed:
        if verbose:
            print(f"Already processed: {abs_path}")
        return True
    processed.add(abs_path)
    return False

Wait, but what about case sensitivity? Like, on some file systems, but the problem probably doesn't require handling that. The function just uses the absolute path as stored.

Now, possible edge cases: empty path, or paths with different case but same when normalized? Probably not considered here. The function just uses the absolute path as is.

Another point: the processed set is a set of strings (the absolute paths). So the function is correct.

So the code should work. Now, the unit tests. Let me outline the tests.

First, test that when a path is not in the set, returns False and adds it.

Test that subsequent calls with same path return True.

Test with relative path and absolute path.

Test the verbose output.

Testing the verbose part requires capturing the output.

Now, writing the tests in the test-driven way, first the tests, then the code. But the user wants the code, so the code is as above.

Wait, but in the problem statement, the user says to output only the code generated in Python markdown format. So I just have to write the code, but the process of thinking through the tests helps ensure the code is correct.

Wait, but the code as written above seems correct. Let me double-check.

Yes, the steps:

1. Convert path_name to absolute path.

2. Check if it's in the processed set.

3. If yes: return True, and print if verbose.

4. Else: add to the set and return False.

That's exactly what the doc specifies. So the code is correct.

Now, the code must include the import os. So the final code is as I wrote above.
