Okay, I need to write a Python function called build_app_logger based on the given signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says it's a general purpose application logger, mainly for debugging. The parameters are name, logfile, and debug. The function should return a logger object.

First, I remember that in Python, logging is typically done using the logging module. So the function will probably use that. The standard approach is to create a logger, set its level, add handlers, etc.

The parameters: name is the logger's name, which is straightforward. The logfile is where the logs will be saved. The debug flag determines if the logger is in debug mode. Wait, but in logging, the level can be set, so if debug is True, maybe the logger's level is set to DEBUG, otherwise maybe WARNING or INFO?

So the steps would be:

1. Get a logger by name using logging.getLogger(name).
2. Set the logger's level to DEBUG if debug is True, else maybe something else. But also, maybe the handlers have their own levels?
3. Create a file handler to write to logfile. The handler's level could be set based on debug as well, or perhaps the logger's level is the main one.
4. Create a formatter to format the log messages. Maybe include the time, log level, message, etc.
5. Add the formatter to the handler.
6. Add the handler to the logger.
7. Return the logger.

Wait, but sometimes you also add a stream handler to output to console. The docstring mentions it's mainly for debugging, so maybe when debug is True, add a console handler? Or maybe the file is the main thing, and debug just affects the log level.

Alternatively, perhaps the debug parameter determines the logger's level. So if debug is True, the logger's level is set to DEBUG, so all messages from DEBUG and up are captured. Otherwise, maybe set to WARNING? Or maybe INFO? The user might want to set it to a higher level when not debugging.

Hmm. Let me think. The function's purpose is to create a logger. The debug parameter probably controls the logging level. So when debug is True, the logger's level is DEBUG, so all messages are logged. When False, maybe set to WARNING? Or perhaps the default is INFO? Not sure. The docstring says "useful mainly for debugging", so maybe when debug is True, the logger is more verbose.

Also, the function should return the logger. Let me outline the steps again:

- Create the logger with the given name.
- Set its level based on debug (DEBUG if True, else maybe INFO or WARNING).
- Create a FileHandler for the logfile.
- Set the handler's level. Maybe same as the logger's level, or perhaps leave it as NOTSET so it uses the logger's level.
- Create a formatter. The standard format might be something like "%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s".
- Attach the formatter to the handler.
- Add the handler to the logger.

Wait, but maybe the handler's level can be set separately. But perhaps for simplicity, the handler's level is NOTSET, so it uses the logger's level. That way, changing the logger's level controls the output.

Alternatively, maybe the handler is always set to DEBUG, but the logger's level is adjusted. Hmm, but that might not be necessary. Let me proceed with the first approach.

Now, for the unit tests. Since the user mentioned using test-driven development, I should first think of the tests. The tests need to check that the logger is created correctly, the handlers are added, the levels are set properly, and the formatter is correct.

Testing logging can be a bit tricky. How to verify the logger's configuration?

First test case: check that the logger is created with the correct name. So, after calling build_app_logger with name='test_logger', the logger's name should be 'test_logger'.

Second: check that a FileHandler is added with the correct logfile. So, the logger should have a handler of type FileHandler, and its baseFilename should be the logfile provided.

Third: when debug is True, the logger's level should be logging.DEBUG. When debug is False, maybe logging.INFO or WARNING? The doc says "useful mainly for debugging", so perhaps when debug is False, the level is set to a higher level, like INFO or WARNING. Let me check the standard approach. The default logging level is WARNING, so perhaps when debug is False, set to WARNING? Or maybe the user expects INFO? Hmm, the function's doc says "debug: is need to debug". So maybe when debug is True, the level is DEBUG, else, it's set to something else, perhaps INFO. Wait, but in the absence of debug, maybe the user wants to log errors. Not sure. Let's assume that when debug is True, level is DEBUG, else it's set to WARNING. Or maybe the default is INFO. The user might expect that when not in debug, it's a higher level. I'll have to make a choice here.

Also, the FileHandler's level: perhaps it's set to the same as the logger's level, or maybe left as NOTSET so it uses the logger's level. So in the tests, check that the logger's effective level is correct.

Fourth: check the formatter. The formatter should be set on the handler, so the log messages are in the expected format.

Additionally, maybe check that the logger is returned correctly, and that multiple calls with the same name return the same logger (since getLogger is supposed to return the same instance if the name is reused). But that's more of an integration test, perhaps beyond the scope here.

So the unit tests would need to:

- Test the logger's name.

- Test that a FileHandler is present with the correct logfile.

- Test the logger's level when debug is True or False.

- Test the handler's formatter.

Now, how to write these tests. Using the unittest module.

Sample test cases:

Test 1: test_logger_name. Create a logger with a specific name, check its name.

Test 2: test_file_handler_exists. Check that the logger has a FileHandler with the correct filename.

Test 3: test_debug_level. When debug is True, logger's level is DEBUG.

Test 4: test_non_debug_level. When debug is False, logger's level is WARNING (or whatever default is chosen).

Test 5: test_formatter. Check that the formatter is set correctly.

Wait, but how do I access the handler's formatter? For example, after getting the logger, iterate over its handlers, check their type, filename, and formatter's format.

Potential code for a test:

import logging
import unittest
from your_module import build_app_logger

class TestBuildAppLogger(unittest.TestCase):

    def test_logger_name(self):
        logger = build_app_logger(name='test')
        self.assertEqual(logger.name, 'test')

    def test_file_handler(self):
        logger = build_app_logger(logfile='test.log')
        handler = logger.handlers[0]
        self.assertIsInstance(handler, logging.FileHandler)
        self.assertEqual(handler.baseFilename, 'test.log')

    def test_debug_level(self):
        logger = build_app_logger(debug=True)
        self.assertEqual(logger.level, logging.DEBUG)

    def test_non_debug_level(self):
        logger = build_app_logger(debug=False)
        self.assertEqual(logger.level, logging.WARNING)  # or logging.INFO?

    def test_formatter(self):
        logger = build_app_logger()
        handler = logger.handlers[0]
        self.assertIsInstance(handler.formatter, logging.Formatter)
        self.assertEqual(handler.formatter._fmt, "%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s")

Wait, but the default format? The code should have a specific format. The example in the standard logging often uses asctime, name, levelname, message. So maybe that's the case here.

Now, the actual code. Let me outline the steps again.

The function:

def build_app_logger(name='app', logfile='app.log', debug=True):

    logger = logging.getLogger(name)
    logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG if debug else logging.WARNING)  # or INFO?

Wait, but maybe set the level to DEBUG when debug is True, else to WARNING. Or maybe the default is INFO. Let me see: in the standard logging, the default level is WARNING. So maybe when debug is False, the logger's level is set to WARNING, so that only warnings and errors are logged, but when debug is True, everything is logged. Alternatively, maybe the default is INFO, so that when debug is off, it logs info and above. Hmm. The doc says "useful mainly for debugging", so perhaps when debug is off, it's set to a higher level. Let's go with setting to WARNING when debug is False, so that only warnings and errors are logged. Alternatively, perhaps the user expects INFO. Hmm, maybe the function's doc isn't clear. But for the code, I can choose. Let's pick WARNING as the default when debug is False. So:

logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG if debug else logging.WARNING)

Then, create a file handler:

handler = logging.FileHandler(logfile)

Then set the handler's level? Not sure. Wait, the handler has its own level. If the logger's level is set to DEBUG, but the handler's level is WARNING, then the handler would only log WARNING and higher. But perhaps it's better to leave the handler's level as NOTSET, so that it uses the logger's level. So:

handler.setLevel(logging.NOTSET)  # default, so maybe not necessary.

Then, create a formatter:

formatter = logging.Formatter('%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s')

handler.setFormatter(formatter)

Add the handler to the logger:

logger.addHandler(handler)

Return the logger.

Wait, but what if the logger already has handlers? Because getLogger returns the same instance if the name is the same. So, if the function is called again with the same name, it would add another handler, leading to duplicated logs. But the function's doc says it returns an instantiated logger. So maybe the user expects that each call creates a new logger? But no, because getLogger returns the same instance. So the function might be intended to configure the logger once, but if called again with same name, it adds another handler. Which is a problem. Hmm, but the function's purpose is to build the logger, so perhaps it's okay as long as it's only called once per logger name. The user should be cautious, but that's beyond the function's responsibility.

So the code would look like that.

Wait, but in the test_non_debug_level test, if we set to WARNING when debug is False, that's what the code does. So the test would check that the level is set correctly.

Now, what about the formatter's format? The example in the code's docstring doesn't specify, so the code should choose a standard format. The code I outlined uses the format with asctime, name, levelname, message, which is common.

Now, putting it all together, the code for the function is:

import logging

def build_app_logger(name='app', logfile='app.log', debug=True):
    """
    General purpose application logger. Useful mainly for debugging
    Args:
        name: The name of logger
        logfile: The log file need to save
        debug: is need to debug

    Returns:
        Returns an instantiated logger object
    """
    logger = logging.getLogger(name)
    logger.setLevel(logging.DEBUG if debug else logging.WARNING)
    handler = logging.FileHandler(logfile)
    formatter = logging.Formatter(
        '%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s'
    )
    handler.setFormatter(formatter)
    logger.addHandler(handler)
    return logger

Wait, but maybe the handler's level should be set to the same as the logger's level? Or does that not matter because the handler's default is NOTSET, so it uses the logger's level. So no need to set handler's level.

Now, the tests. The user said to first generate comprehensive unit tests before writing the code. So I need to write the test cases first.

But since I'm supposed to output only the code, perhaps the tests are part of the thinking but the code is the final answer.

Wait, the user's instruction says to generate the Python code based on the function signature and docstring, and to output only the code in Python markdown format. The tips mention using TDD by first writing tests then code, but the output is just the code.

Therefore, I should proceed to write the code as per the above.

Wait, but in the code, when debug is True, the logger's level is DEBUG, and the handler's level is NOTSET (so it will log DEBUG and above). When debug is False, the logger's level is WARNING, so the handler will log WARNING and above.

That seems correct.

Another thing to consider: The function may be called multiple times with the same name, which could add multiple handlers. But that's a possible issue, but the function's responsibility is to build the logger, not to manage existing configurations. So the user must be cautious.

Another possible point: The debug parameter could also affect whether to add a StreamHandler to output to console. But the doc doesn't mention that, so perhaps it's only the file handler.

So the code as written is correct.

Testing the code's logic: the tests would check all the aspects. For example, the logger's name, the presence of the FileHandler, the correct level, and the formatter.

Now, what if the user wants the formatter to include other elements? The code uses the standard format, which is acceptable unless specified otherwise.

Therefore, the code should be as above.
