Okay, I need to write a Python function called addignored that uses the git command to get the list of ignored files, then returns them as a comma-separated string. Let's think about how to approach this.

First, the function has to execute a Git command. The correct command for getting ignored files is probably 'git status --ignored' or maybe 'git ls-files --others -i --exclude-from=.gitignore'. Wait, I should check that. Oh right, 'git status --ignored' shows ignored files, but maybe the exact command needed here is 'git check-ignore' with some flags? Hmm, maybe the user wants the list of files that are ignored. Let me confirm.

Alternatively, the standard way to get ignored files might be using 'git status --ignored' which includes the list. The output of that command would have lines like "ignored: filename", so I need to parse that. Or maybe 'git ls-files' with some options. Let me think: 'git ls-files --others --ignored --exclude-standard' might work. I think that's the correct approach. Let me check.

Assuming that the correct command is 'git ls-files --others --ignored --exclude-standard', then the output will be a list of filenames, one per line. So the steps are: run the command, capture the output, split into lines, sort them, and then join with commas.

Now, in Python, to run the command, I can use subprocess. So something like:

import subprocess

def addignored(ignored):
    # maybe the 'ignored' parameter is not used? The function's parameter is named 'ignored' but the docstring says to use git to get the files. Wait, the function's parameter is called 'ignored', but the docstring says to get the file names via git. That might be a mistake. Wait, looking back at the function signature: the function is named addignored and takes an argument 'ignored'. But according to the docstring, it should use git to get the files, not the argument. That's confusing. Wait, perhaps the function's parameter is a placeholder, but the actual logic uses git. Maybe the parameter is unused? Or maybe there's a misunderstanding here.

Wait, the function's name is addignored and the parameter is 'ignored', but the docstring says to use the git command to obtain the filenames. So the parameter 'ignored' might not be used. That's odd. Maybe the function is supposed to take a path or something else, but the parameter's name is 'ignored'? Hmm, perhaps the function's parameter is actually not used, and the function uses git to get the ignored files regardless. Maybe the parameter is a mistake in the problem statement. Let me re-read the problem.

The function's signature is def addignored(ignored): and the docstring says to use git to get the filenames, then process them. The parameter 'ignored' is probably a mistake, or maybe it's a placeholder for something else. Wait, maybe the function is supposed to take a directory or some other argument, but the parameter is named 'ignored'? Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to return the ignored files, so the parameter is not used. That's possible. Maybe the parameter is a typo, but I have to follow the given signature. So the function must accept an 'ignored' parameter, but according to the docstring, it should use git to get the files. So perhaps the 'ignored' parameter is not used, but the function must have it as per the signature. Maybe the user intended to have the parameter as a list, but the function uses git instead. Hmm, perhaps the function's parameter is not used. Maybe it's a mistake, but I have to proceed as per the given signature.

So proceeding, the function's logic is to run a git command, get the list of ignored files, sort them, then join with commas. So first, run the command, capture the output. Let's see how to do that with subprocess.

The command would be: ['git', 'ls-files', '--others', '--ignored', '--exclude-standard']

Then, check if the command is successful. If not, maybe return an empty string or handle errors. But the problem says to return the files as a string. Let's assume the command works.

So, in code:

proc = subprocess.run(['git', 'ls-files', '--others', '--ignored', '--exclude-standard'], capture_output=True, text=True, check=True)

files = proc.stdout.splitlines()

Then sort the list: files.sort()

Then join with commas: ','.join(files)

But what if there are no ignored files? Then the list is empty, and the output is an empty string. So that's okay.

Now, putting it all together:

def addignored(ignored):
    import subprocess
    result = subprocess.run(['git', 'ls-files', '--others', '--ignored', '--exclude-standard'], 
                           capture_output=True, text=True, check=True)
    files = result.stdout.splitlines()
    files.sort()
    return ','.join(files)

Wait, but the parameter 'ignored' is not used. The function's parameter is there but not used. That's okay as per the problem's instructions. The user might have intended the parameter to be part of the function's signature but not used. Alternatively, maybe the function should take a directory path, but the problem's signature says it takes 'ignored'. Since I have to follow the signature, proceed.

Now, unit tests. Since the user mentioned to use test-driven development, first write the tests.

But for the code submission, the user wants only the code, not the tests. But in the thinking process, I need to consider how the tests would work.

Testing would require mocking the subprocess call. For example, using a library like unittest.mock to patch subprocess.run. Let's say in a test case, we set the return value of the subprocess to some test filenames, then check that the sorted and joined string is correct.

But since the code is supposed to be written first, perhaps the tests are part of the TDD process, but the code is the main output here.

Wait, the problem says to generate the code based on the signature and docstring, and output only the code. So the code above is the solution. But perhaps I made a mistake in the command.

Wait, let me double-check the git command. The command 'git ls-files --others --ignored --exclude-standard' lists all ignored files. Let me confirm with a quick test. Suppose in a git repo, I have a .gitignore with some files, then running that command should list the ignored files. Yes, that seems correct.

Alternatively, some sources suggest that 'git check-ignore -a' might list ignored files, but I think the approach with ls-files is correct here.

Another possible issue: on Windows, the line endings might be CRLF, but using splitlines() should handle that.

Another point: the function uses check=True, which will raise an error if the command fails. So if git is not installed, or not in a repo, it would raise a CalledProcessError. But the problem's docstring doesn't mention handling errors, so the function probably just proceeds and raises, but the user may expect that. Since the problem says to return the list, perhaps in case of error, it's okay to let it raise.

Therefore, the code should be as written above.

Wait, but the function's parameter is 'ignored' but it's not used. That's a problem. The function's signature has a parameter, but the code doesn't use it. That could be an error. Let me check the problem statement again.

The function's docstring says "Use the git command to obtain the file names." So the parameter 'ignored' is probably not used. The user might have intended the parameter to be something else, but given the signature, the code has to include the parameter. So in the code, the parameter is present but unused. That's okay, but in Python, it's better to have a warning. To suppress the warning, maybe add a comment or just proceed. Since the problem didn't mention using the parameter, the code is correct as per the given instructions.

Thus, the code is as written.
