Okay, so I need to write a Python method called get_nested_custom_and_control_args. The method is supposed to split input arguments into three categories: control, nested, and custom. The return type is two dictionaries: control_args and nested_args. Wait, but the docstring says the return is (dict, dict), so maybe custom is part of one of those? Let me check the docstring again.

The docstring says: "return: (dict, dict): flat dicts (control_args, nested_args)". Hmm, but the description mentions custom arguments. Oh, looking at the description:

Controls arguments control the IR behavior and won't be in the spec yml. Nested arguments are used by Ansible and go into the spec. Custom arguments are custom variables to be used instead of normal nested usage. Wait, so where do custom arguments fit here? The return is two dicts. Maybe custom is part of the nested args? Or perhaps the method's return is (control, nested) and the custom is part of the nested? Or maybe there's a mistake in the problem description?

Wait the function's name is get_nested_custom_and_control_args. So perhaps the method returns three parts, but the return is two dicts? Maybe the custom arguments are part of the nested ones? Or perhaps the method is supposed to split into control, nested, and custom, but the return combines some of them? The docstring's return is two dicts. Let me re-read the docstring.

Looking at the return line again: returns (control_args, nested_args). So the custom args must be part of the nested_args? Or perhaps the custom args are separate but not returned here. Wait the description says custom arguments are "custom ansible variables to be used instead of the normal nested usage." Maybe custom args are part of the nested args but with some modification?

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to split the input args into control, nested, and custom, but the return combines nested and custom into one? Or perhaps the custom args are a subset of the nested args?

Hmm, perhaps the method is supposed to separate the args into three categories, but the return only includes control and nested, with custom being part of the nested? Or maybe the custom arguments are a separate category but not returned? That doesn't make sense.

Alternatively, maybe the function returns control and nested, and the custom arguments are part of the nested. Let me think. The description says that nested args are used by Ansible and go into the spec. Custom arguments are variables to be used instead of the normal nested. So maybe the custom args are a subset of the nested args? Or perhaps the custom args are a separate category but the method returns control and the combined nested plus custom?

Wait the function's name is get_nested_custom_and_control_args, so maybe the return is control, nested, and custom? But the return type is (dict, dict). That suggests that maybe the custom is part of the nested, or maybe the function is supposed to return control and nested, where the nested includes the custom. Alternatively, perhaps the function's return is control and a nested dictionary that includes the custom arguments. The docstring says the return is (control, nested), so perhaps the custom arguments are part of the nested.

Alternatively, maybe the custom arguments are a separate category, but the function's return is control and nested, and the custom are part of the nested? The problem is a bit unclear, but I have to proceed based on the given information.

The function's parameters are 'args', which is a list of arguments. The method needs to split them into three categories. The return is two dictionaries: control and nested. The custom arguments must be part of the nested, perhaps with some processing.

Wait the description says: "custom arguments: custom ansible variables to be used instead of the normal nested usage." So perhaps the custom args are variables that replace the normal nested ones, so they are part of the nested arguments but under a different key? For example, maybe they are stored in a 'custom' sub-dictionary within nested?

Alternatively, maybe the custom arguments are part of the nested args but need to be separated. But since the return is two dicts, perhaps the custom args are part of the nested dict, so the method just needs to categorize the input args into control, nested (including custom?), but the return is control and nested. Hmm, I'm a bit confused. Let me think of possible scenarios.

Suppose the input args are a list of strings or key-value pairs. The method needs to process them into three categories. Let's assume that each argument is a string like "key=value".

The control arguments are those that control the IR behavior and are not in the spec. The nested are those that go into the spec. The custom are variables used instead of the normal nested, perhaps they are part of the nested but under a different key?

Alternatively, perhaps the custom arguments are stored in the nested dict under a specific key, like 'custom_vars', so that they are part of the nested args. But how to split them?

Alternatively, maybe the method splits the args into control (those starting with a certain prefix?), nested (others except control and custom?), and custom (those with a certain flag). But without more info, perhaps the problem expects that the method splits the args into control and nested, with custom being part of the nested. So the function's job is to separate the control args (which are excluded from the spec) and the rest (nested, including custom) go into the nested dict.

Alternatively, maybe the custom args are a separate category but not part of the return, but the problem's description says the return is (control, nested), so perhaps the custom are part of the nested, but how?

Alternatively, perhaps the function's parameters 'args' is a dictionary, but the function's signature says the parameter is 'args' which is a list. Wait, the function's parameters: def get_nested_custom_and_control_args(self, args): and the docstring says :param args: the collected list of args. So the input is a list. So perhaps each element is a string like "key=value".

The task is to split the list into control, nested, and custom, then return control and nested as two dictionaries. So the custom must be part of the nested, perhaps with some processing. Or perhaps the custom are part of the control? Not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps the method is supposed to separate the arguments into three groups, but the return combines two. Maybe the custom arguments are part of the nested, but the method returns control and nested (including custom). Or perhaps the custom arguments are part of the control?

Hmm, maybe I should think of possible test cases. Let's imagine some examples.

Suppose args is a list like ["control_arg=1", "nested_arg=2", "custom_var=3"]. The control arguments are those that control the IR, so maybe any arg starting with 'control_' is control. The nested are those that are not control and not custom. Custom are those starting with 'custom_'?

Then, the control dict would have "control_arg":1, the nested would have "nested_arg":2 and "custom_var":3? But the custom is supposed to be used instead of the normal nested. Maybe the custom are part of the nested but under a different key. Or perhaps the custom are excluded from the spec? Wait the description says nested arguments are used by Ansible and go into the spec. Custom variables are to be used instead of normal nested, so perhaps they are part of the nested but under a different category.

Alternatively, maybe the custom arguments are part of the nested but are stored in a separate part. But since the return is two dictionaries, perhaps the custom are part of the nested, so the method just needs to split into control and the rest (nested plus custom) as the nested dict. So in that case, the function would just separate the control arguments from the others.

Alternatively, perhaps the custom arguments are a subset of the nested, but the method doesn't need to separate them further. So the return is control and nested, which includes the custom.

Alternatively, perhaps the custom arguments are a separate category, but the problem requires that they are part of the nested. So the method just needs to split into control and the rest (nested), which includes the custom.

Alternatively, perhaps the custom arguments are to be placed into the nested dict under a specific key, like 'custom', but the problem doesn't specify that. Since the problem says the return is two dicts (control and nested), perhaps the custom are part of the nested. So the method's job is to split the args into control and the rest (which are nested and/or custom, but they all go into the nested dict).

The key is that the function's return is control and nested, so the custom must be part of the nested.

Therefore, the method's logic is to process each argument in the input list, determine if it is a control argument (based on some criteria), and the rest are considered nested (including custom). The control args form one dict, and the nested (including custom) form another dict.

But how to determine which are control vs. nested? The problem doesn't specify, so perhaps the method is supposed to have some predefined criteria. Since the problem is about generating code based on the docstring, perhaps the code needs to have some way to split the arguments. Since the user hasn't provided specific criteria, maybe the method uses some naming conventions, like arguments with a certain prefix go to control, others go to nested.

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to categorize the arguments based on their keys. For example, any key starting with 'control_' is a control argument. The rest are nested, including custom. But since the problem doesn't specify, perhaps the code is supposed to have a default way. But without more info, perhaps the method just splits the args into two parts, but the exact criteria are not specified. Wait the problem says to generate code based on the docstring. The docstring says "Split input arguments to control nested and custom".

Hmm, maybe the function is supposed to separate the arguments into control, nested, and custom, but the return only includes control and nested. So custom is part of the nested. But how? The code must have some way to decide which arguments are control, nested, or custom.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to have the control arguments be those that are explicitly marked as such, and the rest are nested. But without knowing the criteria, perhaps the code is supposed to use some naming convention, like any argument with a key starting with '_' is control, or something like that. But since the problem doesn't specify, maybe the code is supposed to have a method that uses some internal logic. However, since the user is asking to generate the code based on the docstring, maybe the actual criteria are not specified here, and the code must be written in a way that the method can split them, perhaps by checking some predefined lists or attributes.

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to split the arguments into three categories, but the return combines the nested and custom into the nested dict. So the code would process each argument, and if it's a control argument, add to control, else if it's a custom argument, add to nested, or maybe the custom is part of the nested. But without explicit criteria, perhaps the code is supposed to have a default way.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem is expecting that the function just returns all non-control arguments as nested, and custom is a subset of nested, but the code doesn't need to separate them further. So the code just needs to split the args into control and the rest as nested.

Given that the problem says to generate code based on the docstring, perhaps the code is supposed to use some predefined logic, but since the problem doesn't specify, maybe the code is supposed to have a dummy implementation, but the unit tests would help clarify.

Wait the user mentioned to follow test-driven development: first generate comprehensive unit tests before writing the actual code. So the code should be written in a way that passes the tests, which would clarify the required logic.

Hmm, perhaps the function is supposed to split the arguments based on their keys. Let's assume that the control arguments are those whose keys start with 'control_', and nested are those that start with 'nested_', and custom are the rest? Or perhaps the criteria are different. Alternatively, maybe control arguments are those that are in a predefined list of control keys, and the rest are nested (including custom).

Since the problem doesn't specify, perhaps the code is supposed to have a method that uses some criteria, like control arguments are those with keys starting with 'control_', and the rest are nested. The custom are part of the nested.

Alternatively, perhaps the code is supposed to have a method that requires the user to specify which are control, but that's not possible here. Since the problem is to generate code based on the docstring, perhaps the code is supposed to have a default way, such as:

- All arguments not starting with 'control_' are considered nested, including custom.

But without more info, perhaps the code can just split the arguments into control and the rest. The custom would be part of the nested.

Alternatively, perhaps the method is supposed to return all non-control arguments as nested, and the custom are part of that, but the code doesn't have to do anything special with them. So the code can be written as follows:

def get_nested_custom_and_control_args(self, args):
    control = {}
    nested = {}
    for arg in args:
        # parse the arg into key=value
        # assuming args are in key=value format
        key, val = arg.split('=')
        if is_control_key(key):
            control[key] = val
        else:
            nested[key] = val
    return control, nested

But how to implement is_control_key? The problem doesn't specify, so perhaps the code is supposed to have some default criteria. Maybe control arguments are those with a certain prefix. Let's assume that control arguments are any key starting with 'control_', and the rest are nested (including custom). So in code:

def get_nested_custom_and_control_args(self, args):
    control = {}
    nested = {}
    for arg in args:
        key, val = arg.split('=')
        if key.startswith('control_'):
            control[key] = val
        else:
            nested[key] = val
    return control, nested

But the problem's docstring says "custom arguments: custom ansible variables to be used instead of the normal nested usage." So perhaps custom arguments are part of the nested, but in a way that they override the normal nested variables. But in the code above, they would just be part of the nested. So the code may not need to do anything special with them except include them in the nested dict.

Alternatively, perhaps the custom arguments have their own prefix, like 'custom_', and are part of the nested. So the code would still include them in the nested.

In any case, the code must split the args into control and nested, based on some criteria. Since the problem didn't specify, perhaps the code uses the 'control_' prefix for control args. The unit tests would then check this behavior.

Now, the user wants the code generated following TDD: first write unit tests, then the code. So I need to imagine what the unit tests would look like, then write the code accordingly.

First, the unit tests would test the splitting of arguments into control and nested.

Test case 1: An argument that is a control argument (e.g., 'control_foo=bar') should go into control, and others into nested.

Test case 2: An argument that is a nested (non-control) like 'nested_baz=qux' should be in nested.

Test case 3: A custom argument like 'custom_var=value' should be in nested, since it's not a control.

Test case 4: An argument without any prefix, like 'name=value', goes into nested.

So the code would split based on the key starting with 'control_'.

Now, writing the code based on that assumption.

The code would process each arg (assuming each is a string like 'key=value') and split into control and nested.

But what if the args are not in key=value format? The problem says 'collected list of args', so maybe each element is a string in that format. The code splits on '='.

Now, putting it all together.

The code would look like this:

def get_nested_custom_and_control_args(self, args):
    control = {}
    nested = {}
    for arg in args:
        key, val = arg.split('=', 1)  # split on first '=' in case values have '='
        if key.startswith('control_'):
            control[key] = val
        else:
            nested[key] = val
    return control, nested

Wait but the problem's docstring says the return is (dict, dict), which matches this.

Now, the unit tests would check this.

For example:

Test case 1:

args = ['control_foo=bar', 'nested_baz=qux', 'custom_var=value']

Expected control: {'control_foo': 'bar'}, nested: {'nested_baz': 'qux', 'custom_var': 'value'}

Another test case with no control args:

args = ['key=value', 'another=value']

control is empty, nested has both.

Edge case: empty args list returns empty dicts.

Now, the code would handle this.

So the code is as above.

Now, the user wants the code in Python markdown format, only the code. So the code is as written.
