Okay, I need to generate Python code for the method get_parser_option_specs based on the given function signature and docstring. The user mentioned using test-driven development, so first I should think about the unit tests before writing the actual code. Let me start by understanding what the method is supposed to do.

The method's purpose is to get all the options for a specified command, like 'main', 'virsh', etc. It returns a list of those options. So, the first thing I need to figure out is how the options are stored or retrieved. Since the method is part of a class (since it's a self method), maybe the class has some internal data structure or another method to get command options.

Hmm, but without more context, perhaps I can assume that there's a way to retrieve command options, maybe from a parser like argparse or some other configuration. The unit tests will help define the expected behavior.

Let me think of possible test cases. The first test would check if, given a valid command name, the method returns the correct list of options. Another test would check if an invalid command name raises an appropriate error. Maybe also check if the options are in the expected format, like a list of dictionaries or tuples with names, flags, etc.

Wait, the return is supposed to be a list of all command options. So each option should have attributes like 'name', 'flags', 'help', maybe 'required', etc. But the exact structure isn't specified here, so perhaps the test should just check that the list is not empty for a known command, and maybe check some attributes of the first element.

Alternatively, maybe the method is part of a parser class that already has commands stored. For example, if the class has a _commands attribute which is a dictionary mapping command names to their options, then get_parser_option_specs would just retrieve that.

So for the tests, I might do something like:

Test case 1: Test with a known command (e.g., 'main') and verify that the returned list has the expected options. But since the actual options aren't specified, maybe the test would check for a non-empty list and perhaps some sample options if we can mock it.

Test case 2: Test with an invalid command name, expecting a KeyError or some error.

But how to structure the tests without knowing the internal implementation? Maybe the tests will use a mock or a test instance where the commands are predefined.

Alternatively, perhaps the method is part of a class that uses some external data, like a config file or a parser. Since the problem doesn't specify, maybe the code can be a simple example where the options are hard-coded for demonstration purposes.

Wait, the user wants the actual code, so I need to write the method. Let me think of a possible implementation. Suppose the class has a _commands dictionary where each key is a command name, and the value is a list of option specs. Then the method would check if the command exists in _commands, and return the list. If not, maybe raise an error.

So, the code might look like:

def get_parser_option_specs(self, command_name):
    if command_name in self._commands:
        return self._commands[command_name]
    else:
        raise ValueError(f"Unknown command: {command_name}")

But the docstring says to return the list, so maybe it's better to return an empty list if not found? Or perhaps the method is designed to only be called with valid commands, hence raising an error.

But the tests would need to set up the _commands. So in the tests, maybe the test class would initialize the commands. Let me outline the tests first.

Possible test cases:

1. Test that when a valid command is provided, the correct options are returned. For example, if the command 'test_cmd' has options like [{'name': 'option1', 'flags': '-o'}, ...], then the test checks that the returned list matches.

2. Test that an invalid command raises a KeyError or similar exception.

3. Test that the return type is a list.

But to write these tests, the test would need to set up the instance with some test data. So maybe in the test, before calling get_parser_option_specs, we set self._commands for the instance.

Alternatively, perhaps the method is part of a class that loads commands from some source, but for the purpose of the code here, the implementation can assume that _commands is a dictionary that's already populated.

Now, putting this into code, the method would first check if the command exists, then return its options. But the user's function's docstring says to return the list, so perhaps it's better to return the list even if empty, but maybe the command is required to exist. The exception handling depends on the use case.

In the tests, the first test would set up the instance with a command and its options, then call the method and assert that the options are as expected.

The second test would pass an unknown command and check that a KeyError is raised.

So the code for the method would be straightforward once the data structure is set up. The actual code would need to access the stored options for the command.

Therefore, the generated code would be something like the above. Let me write that.

Wait, but the function is part of a class. The user's code would need to have the _commands stored somewhere. Since the problem doesn't specify, the code can just proceed with that assumption.

Now, the user also mentioned to output only the code in Python markdown format. So the final answer should be the code enclosed in triple backticks.

Putting it all together, the code would be:

def get_parser_option_specs(self, command_name):
    """
    Gets all the options for the specified command

    :param command_name: the command name (main, virsh, ospd, etc...)
    :return: the list of all command options
    """
    if command_name not in self._commands:
        raise ValueError(f"Unknown command: {command_name}")
    return self._commands[command_name]

But maybe the _commands is a dictionary where each value is a list. So that's the code. However, perhaps the method should return an empty list if not found? But the docstring says to return the list of options, implying that the command exists. So raising an error makes sense.

Alternatively, maybe the method should return an empty list if the command isn't found, but the test would then need to check for that. But the docstring doesn't mention that, so probably better to raise an error.

Thus the code as above.
