Okay, I need to write a Python function called files_list_from_zipfile that takes a zip_path as an argument and returns the list of files in that zip file. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that Python has the zipfile module which can be used to work with zip archives. So I should import that. The function should read the zip file, get the list of filenames inside it, and return them as a list.

Wait, right, the zipfile.ZipFile class can be used to open a zip file. Once opened, there's a method like namelist() which returns all the members in the zip file. That should give me the list of files. But I have to make sure that I'm handling the zip file correctly.

So the steps are: import zipfile, then open the zip file at the given path using ZipFile. Then call namelist() on the ZipFile object, which gives the list of filenames. Return that list.

But what about exceptions? The problem statement doesn't mention handling errors, so maybe I can just proceed without any error checking. Although, maybe the function should handle cases where the zip file is invalid or can't be opened? Hmm, but the user didn't specify that. The docstring just says to return the files, so perhaps the function is expected to work when the path is valid and the zip is readable.

So the code would look something like:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as myzip:
        return myzip.namelist()

Wait, that's pretty straightforward. Let me check if there's another way. Oh, alternatively, using the open method properly. The with statement handles closing the file, which is good practice. So this should work.

Wait, but maybe the user expects the list to exclude directories? Or does namelist include all entries, including directories? I think directories in a zip are entries ending with a slash. So if the user wants just the files, maybe I should filter those out. Let me read the docstring again. The function says "Return the files in the given zip path." So perhaps directories shouldn't be included. Hmm, but the namelist includes all members. So maybe I need to process that list to exclude directories.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return all entries, including directories. Because in a zip, a directory is represented as a file entry but with a trailing '/'. So perhaps the user just wants the list as is. The problem isn't clear on that. The original docstring just says "the files", so maybe they mean all entries, including directories. Or maybe they want only actual files. Let me think. The standard namelist gives all the entries, so unless there's a specific requirement to filter out directories, the simplest solution is to return namelist(). 

But how do I know if an entry is a directory? Well, in the namelist, directories have a name ending with '/' and their file size is zero. So maybe the function should return only those entries which are not directories. But the problem doesn't specify that. Since the docstring is brief, perhaps the intended answer is just to return the namelist. Let me proceed with that unless told otherwise.

So the code would be as I first thought. Let's make sure. The function opens the zip file in read mode, then uses namelist. So the code is correct. I should also import zipfile.

Wait, the user mentioned to output the code in Python markdown format. Oh, right, maybe they mean putting it in a code block. But the problem says "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So probably just the code with triple backticks or something. Wait, no, maybe they just want the code without any markdown? Or perhaps the function's code within a code block. Let me see the example again. The user provided an example where the function's code is enclosed in triple quotes. Like:

```python
def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    ...
```

So I need to output the code inside a Python code block using markdown syntax. But the user says to output only the code generated in Python markdown format, so I'll need to wrap the function in ```python ... ``` tags.

Wait, but the user's first instruction says "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So I think that means the entire code should be enclosed in a markdown code block. So the correct way is to have the function code within triple backticks with the python language tag.

Putting it all together, the code would be:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zip_ref:
        return zip_ref.namelist()

Wait, maybe the variable name can be anything. Let me check the code again. Oh, yes, using myzip or zip_ref doesn't matter. The key is to return the namelist.

Alternatively, maybe the user expects to use the 'names' method. Wait, no, the namelist() method is correct. Let me confirm. The ZipFile.namelist() returns a list of member filenames, so that's exactly what's needed here.

Therefore, the code is correct as written. I should present it in a markdown code block.
