Okay, I need to write a Python function called os_is_mac that checks if the operating system is macOS. The function should return True if it is, and False otherwise. Let me think about how to do this.

Hmm, in Python, the os module has a uname function that might give information about the OS. Wait, but uname is not available on Windows. Oh right, maybe I should use sys.platform instead. That's more cross-platform. Let me check what sys.platform returns on macOS. 

I remember that on macOS, sys.platform is 'darwin'. So the function can check if sys.platform starts with 'darwin'. 

Wait, maybe it's better to import sys first. Then, return sys.platform.startswith('darwin'). That should cover all cases, like different versions where the string might be 'darwin' followed by more stuff. 

Alternatively, using the platform module. Let me think—platform.system() might return 'Darwin' on macOS. So then, checking if platform.system().lower() == 'darwin' would also work. But which method is more reliable?

The standard way I've seen before is using sys.platform. Since the question is specifically about macOS, and the return is a boolean, the simplest approach is to check if sys.platform starts with 'darwin'. 

So the code would be:

import sys

def os_is_mac():
    """
    Checks if the os is macOS

    :return: bool, True is macOS, otherwise False.
    """
    return sys.platform.startswith('darwin')

Wait, but maybe I should handle it in a case-insensitive way? No, because sys.platform returns a lowercase string. So startswith('darwin') is okay. 

Alternatively, maybe just checking equality: sys.platform == 'darwin'. But sometimes, the platform string might have more, like 'darwin12' or something? I'm not sure. Let me confirm. 

Looking it up in my mind: sys.platform for macOS is exactly 'darwin', not including the version. So the equality would be sufficient. But using startswith is a safer approach in case there are sub platforms or variations that start with 'darwin'. 

So to be future-proof, maybe startswith is better. 

Therefore, the code would import sys and return whether the platform string starts with 'darwin'. 

That's the plan. Now I just need to write the function with that return statement.
