
Okay, I need to create a Python function called is_run_el that checks if an object's class has a run method. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function should take an object as input. Then, I need to check if the class of that object has a method named 'run'. How do I check for methods in a class? Oh right, in Python, you can use the hasattr() function. So maybe something like hasattr(obj.__class__, 'run')?

Wait, but what if the object is an instance of a subclass that overrides the run method? Well, hasattr will check the class of the object, so that should work. Because even if the subclass has its own run method, the class attribute would still exist.

But wait, maybe the user wants to check if the object itself has the run method, not just the class. However, the docstring says "obj class has the run method", so it's about the class, not the instance. So using hasattr on the class is correct.

So the function would return True if the class of obj has a 'run' method, else False. Let me test this logic. For example, if I have a class with a run method, like:

class MyClass:
    def run(self):
        pass

Then is_run_el(MyClass()) should return True. If another class doesn't have run, then it returns False.

But wait, what about if the run method is inherited from a parent class? The hasattr check would still find it because the class (including inherited methods) is checked. So that's okay.

So the code would be straightforward. The function is_run_el takes obj as a parameter. Then returns hasattr(obj.__class__, 'run').

Wait, but maybe the user wants to check if the method is defined in the class, not just inherited. Hmm, the docstring says "has the run method", which could mean either. But in Python, hasattr checks for the presence of the attribute, regardless of whether it's inherited or not. So if the class inherits run from a parent, it would still return True. But maybe the user wants to check if the class itself defines the method. However, the docstring doesn't specify that. So perhaps the correct approach is to check if the class has the run method, regardless of inheritance.

Alternatively, maybe the user wants to check if the instance has the run method. But the docstring says "obj class", so it's about the class. So the code should be as simple as checking the class's attributes.

So the code would be:

def is_run_el(obj):
    """
    Check whether the obj class has the run method.
    """
    return hasattr(obj.__class__, 'run')

Wait, but what if the object is None? Well, if obj is None, then obj.__class__ would be NoneType, and checking if it has 'run' would return False. But the function is supposed to check the class of the object, so that's acceptable.

Another edge case: if the object is a class itself, not an instance. For example, if obj is MyClass, then obj.__class__ is type, but the method is on the class. Wait, no. If obj is a class, then obj.__class__ is type. So checking if type has a 'run' method would be different. But the function's name is is_run_el, which might be a typo for 'is_run_method'? Or maybe the user intended to check the instance's class. But according to the docstring, it's the obj class. So perhaps the function is designed to take an instance, and check its class. But if someone passes a class instead of an instance, it would check the class's class (type) for the run method, which might not be intended. However, the function's responsibility is as per the docstring, so maybe that's okay.

Alternatively, maybe the user wants to check if the object has a run method, regardless of whether it's a class or instance. But the docstring says "obj class", so probably the class of the object. So the code is correct as written.

So the final code is just returning the result of hasattr on the class of the object with the 'run' attribute. That's simple enough. Let me write that.
