
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the _dictsum function based on the given docstring. Let me think about how to approach this.

The function's purpose is to sum the values of dictionaries that have the same keys. So, if I have multiple dictionaries, I should combine them by adding the values for each common key. The example given is two dictionaries, dict1 and dict2. For key 'a', 1 + 5 = 6, and for 'b', 2 + 0 = 2. The result is a new dictionary with these summed values.

First, I need to handle a list of dictionaries. Wait, the function parameter is called 'dicts', which suggests that it's expecting a list of dictionaries. So the function takes a list of dictionaries as input.

The steps I need to take are: initialize a result dictionary, iterate through each dictionary in the list, then for each key-value pair in the dictionary, add the value to the corresponding key in the result. If the key doesn't exist in the result, create it with the current value. Then return the result.

Let me think about the code structure. Start by initializing an empty dictionary. Then loop over each dict in dicts. For each dict, loop over its items. For each key, check if it's in the result. If yes, add the value. If not, set it.

Wait, but how to handle multiple dictionaries? For example, if there are three dictionaries, each with their own keys, I need to accumulate all of them.

So, the code would be something like:

def _dictsum(dicts):
    result = {}
    for d in dicts:
        for key, value in d.items():
            if key in result:
                result[key] += value
            else:
                result[key] = value
    return result

But wait, what if the dictionaries have different keys? Like, if dict1 has 'a' and dict2 has 'b', then the result should include both. The code above handles that because if the key isn't in result, it's added.

Testing the example: dicts = [{'a':1, 'b':2}, {'a':5, 'b':0}]. The first dict adds 'a' and 'b' to result. The second dict adds 5 to 'a' (result['a'] becomes 6) and 0 to 'b' (result['b'] becomes 2). That matches the example.

But what about if the input is an empty list? Then return an empty dict. That's handled by the code.

What if a dictionary is empty? Then nothing is added. Also handled.

But wait, the function is called _dictsum, and the parameter is 'dicts'. So the function is supposed to take a list of dictionaries. The code above assumes that 'dicts' is a list. So the code should work as long as the input is a list of dicts.

So the code seems correct. Let me check for possible errors. For example, if a dictionary has non-integer values? But the docstring example uses integers, and the function is supposed to sum values. The code doesn't check for types, so it's up to the user to ensure that the values are summable. But since the example uses integers, maybe the function is intended for that case.

Another thing: the function is named _dictsum, which suggests it's a helper function, perhaps. But the code is straightforward.

So the code should be as written. Let me make sure to return the correct type, which is a dictionary. The code does that.

I think that's it. So the generated code is as above.
