
Okay, I need to write a Python function called _dictsum that takes a list of dictionaries as input. The goal is to sum the values for each key across all the dictionaries. Let me think about how to approach this.

So, the example given is when there are two dictionaries, dict1 and dict2. For each key present in any of the dictionaries, I need to add the values from all the dictionaries. If a key is present in only one dictionary, its value is just that. If a key is present in none, it's not in the result.

First, I need to collect all the keys from all the dictionaries. Then, for each key, sum the corresponding values from each dictionary.

But how to handle the input? The function is called with a list of dictionaries, like dicts. So, the function should iterate over each dictionary in that list, and for each key in each dictionary, accumulate the values.

Wait, but if the input is a single dictionary, like dict1, then the function would just return that dictionary. But the function's parameter is called dicts, which is a list. So, maybe the function is supposed to take a list of dictionaries, and sum them all.

So, the steps are:

1. Initialize a new dictionary to hold the summed values.
2. Iterate over each dictionary in the input list.
3. For each dictionary, iterate over its key-value pairs.
4. For each key, add the value to the corresponding entry in the result dictionary.
5. If a key is present in multiple dictionaries, sum all the values.
6. If a key is present in only one dictionary, add that value.
7. If a key is not present in any dictionary, it's not in the result.

So, how to implement this in Python.

Let me think about the code structure.

The function will be:

def _dictsum(dicts):
    result = {}
    for d in dicts:
        for key, value in d.items():
            if key in result:
                result[key] += value
            else:
                result[key] = value
    return result

Wait, but what if the input is an empty list? Then the result would be empty. That's correct.

Testing the example: dict1 is {'a':1, 'b':2}, dict2 is {'a':5, 'b':0}. The code would process each dictionary. For 'a', 1 +5=6. For 'b', 2+0=2. So the result is {'a':6, 'b':2}, which matches the example.

But wait, what if there are multiple dictionaries with the same key? Like dict3: {'a':3}, then the code would add 1+5+3=9 for 'a'.

Yes, that's correct.

So the code seems to handle that.

But what about keys that are present in some dictionaries but not others? Like if one dictionary has 'c':4 and another has 'c':5. Then the code would sum 4+5=9.

Yes.

So the code should work.

But wait, the function is called with 'dicts' as the parameter. So, the function is supposed to take a list of dictionaries. So, the code is correct.

So the code is as written above.

But let me check for edge cases.

Case 1: Empty list of dictionaries. Returns empty dict.

Case 2: One dictionary. Returns the same dictionary.

Case 3: Different keys. Like dict1 has 'a', dict2 has 'b'. Then the result has 'a' and 'b'.

Yes.

So the code should be correct.
