
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the popitem method based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me think about what this method is supposed to do. The docstring says it removes the value corresponding to the first inserted key and returns a tuple of the key and value. 

Wait, in Python, dictionaries don't have a specific order before 3.7, but from 3.7 onwards, they maintain insertion order. So, if the user is referring to the first inserted key, they might be using a dictionary that preserves order, like a regular dict in Python 3.7+.

The popitem method in Python's dict class actually removes and returns the last inserted item as of Python 3.7. But the docstring here says it's the first inserted key. Hmm, that's conflicting. Oh, maybe the user is referring to a different data structure, like a OrderedDict or a custom class that maintains insertion order and pops the first item. But the function is defined as part of a class, maybe a custom dictionary-like class.

Wait, the function is part of a class, but the user hasn't specified the class name. The method is called popitem and takes 'self' as the first parameter. So, perhaps the user wants a method that removes the first inserted item. But in standard Python, dict.popitem() removes the last inserted item. So this might be a custom implementation.

So, the task is to write a popitem method that removes the first inserted key-value pair and returns them as a tuple. But how to track the first inserted key? For a standard dict, there's no direct way, but if we're using Python 3.7+, the insertion order is preserved. However, the standard dict's popitem() removes the last item. So maybe the user wants a method that removes the first item, which would require some kind of ordered structure.

Alternatively, maybe the user is using a different data structure, like a list to track insertion order. But the method is part of a class, so perhaps the class has an underlying structure that maintains insertion order. For example, maybe the class uses a list to keep track of keys in order, and a dictionary for the values.

But since the user hasn't provided the class structure, I need to make assumptions. Let's assume that the class has a list called 'items' that stores the keys in insertion order, and a dictionary called 'data' that maps keys to values. Then, to pop the first item, we would take the first element from the list, get its value from the dictionary, and then remove it from both.

Wait, but the method is named popitem, which is similar to the dict's popitem. However, the standard dict's popitem removes the last inserted item. So perhaps the user wants a custom implementation that removes the first one. Let me check the docstring again: "Remove the value corresponding to the first inserted key and returns the key and value in tuple format." So the key is the first inserted, and the value is the one associated with it.

So, the code would need to find the first inserted key. If the class is a subclass of dict, then perhaps it's using the insertion order. But in that case, the first key would be the first in the keys() view. However, in Python 3.7+, the keys() view is ordered. So maybe the method can iterate through the keys in order and pop the first one.

Alternatively, maybe the class maintains a list of keys in insertion order. Let's say the class has an attribute like self._keys that stores the keys in order. Then, the first inserted key is self._keys[0]. But without knowing the class structure, this is speculative.

But since the user hasn't provided any other details, perhaps the intended solution is to use the standard dict's popitem, but modify it to remove the first item instead of the last. However, the standard dict doesn't have that behavior. So maybe the user is referring to a custom class that uses a list to track insertion order.

Alternatively, maybe the user made a mistake in the docstring and intended to refer to the last inserted item. But I should follow the docstring as given.

Assuming that the class maintains insertion order, perhaps using a list to track keys. Let's proceed with that. So, the code would need to:

1. Get the first key from the insertion order.
2. Remove that key from the dictionary.
3. Remove the key from the insertion order list.
4. Return the key and value as a tuple.

But how to implement this? Let's say the class has an attribute called 'insertion_order' which is a list of keys in the order they were inserted. Then, the first key is insertion_order[0]. The value would be self.data[insertion_order[0]]. Then, we remove that key from both the data and the insertion_order list.

But since the user hasn't provided the class structure, I need to make some assumptions. Let's assume that the class is a subclass of dict and that it maintains insertion order. However, the standard dict's popitem() removes the last item. So perhaps the user wants a method that removes the first item. But how to do that?

Alternatively, maybe the user is referring to a different data structure. Let me think of a possible implementation. For example, if the class has a list that keeps track of the insertion order, then:

def popitem(self):
    if not self.items:
        raise KeyError("popitem() from empty dictionary")
    key = self.items[0]
    value = self.data[key]
    del self.data[key]
    self.items.pop(0)
    return (key, value)

But again, without knowing the internal structure, this is just a guess. However, given the function signature and the docstring, this seems like a possible approach. The method would need to access the first inserted key, which in a standard dict is the first key in the keys() view. But in Python 3.7+, the keys() view is ordered. So perhaps the code can use the keys() method and iterate through them to find the first one.

Wait, but in a standard dict, the first inserted key is the first in the keys() view. So, for example, if we have a dict with keys inserted in order, then the first key is the one that was added first. So, to get the first inserted key, we can take the first element of the keys() view.

But in Python, the keys() view is a dynamic view, so iterating through it would give the insertion order. So, perhaps the code can do something like:

def popitem(self):
    # Get the first inserted key
    if not self:
        raise KeyError("popitem() from empty dictionary")
    key = next(iter(self))
    value = self[key]
    del self[key]
    return (key, value)

Wait, but that would get the first key in the dictionary, but when you iterate through a dict, the order is insertion order. So next(iter(self)) would give the first key. However, this approach would work for Python 3.7+ where insertion order is preserved. But if the dictionary is modified after insertion, this might not work as expected. However, assuming that the class is a standard dict, this code would work. But the problem is that the standard dict's popitem() removes the last inserted item. So if the user is using a standard dict, this method would behave differently. But since the docstring says it's for the first inserted key, perhaps this is the intended approach.

But the user might be expecting a method that removes the first inserted item, which is not the standard behavior. So perhaps the user is using a custom dictionary class. However, without more information, I have to proceed with the standard dict's methods.

Alternatively, maybe the user is using a OrderedDict, but the method is named popitem. However, OrderedDict's popitem() can take a last=False argument to pop the first item. But the function signature here doesn't have any parameters, so that's not applicable.

So, given the function signature and the docstring, the code should remove the first inserted key-value pair and return them as a tuple. Assuming that the class is a standard dict, but with insertion order preserved (Python 3.7+), then the code would be as follows.

But how to get the first key? For a standard dict, the first key is the one that was inserted first. So, for example, if the dictionary is empty, it would raise an error. Otherwise, we can get the first key by iterating through the keys.

So, the code could be:

def popitem(self):
    """
    Remove the value corresponding to the first inserted key and returns the key and value in tuple format.
    """
    if not self:
        raise KeyError("popitem() from empty dictionary")
    key = next(iter(self))
    value = self[key]
    del self[key]
    return (key, value)

But wait, in Python, when you delete a key from a dict, the order is maintained. However, the next(iter(self)) would give the first key in insertion order. So this code would work for Python 3.7+.

But the user might be expecting this method to be part of a custom class. However, the function signature is given as def popitem(self), which is the same as the standard dict's popitem. But the standard dict's popitem() removes the last inserted item. So if the user wants to remove the first, then this code would do that.

But perhaps the user is using a different data structure. For example, a list that stores keys and values. But again, without knowing the class structure, it's hard to say. However, given the function signature and the docstring, the code above seems plausible.

Another consideration: when you delete a key from a dict, the order is maintained. So, if the dict has insertion order, then the first key is the one that was added first. So, the code would correctly remove that key.

So, the code would check if the dictionary is empty, then get the first key, retrieve the value, delete the key, and return the tuple. That's the approach I'll take.
