Okay, I need to generate Python code for the method status_str based on the given function signature and docstring. Let's see. The function is an instance method since it has self as the first parameter. The docstring says it returns a string representation using self.log.status_str, and there's an optional prefix.

Hmm, so the method probably calls another method or accesses an attribute of self.log called status_str. Wait, the docstring mentions "self.log.status_str"—maybe that's a method or a property. The function's purpose is to return a string that combines the prefix with the result from self.log's status_str. 

The parameters are def status_str(self, prefix=''): so the prefix is optional, defaulting to an empty string. The return value is the string with the prefix added. But how exactly? Like, does the prefix come before the status_str output? The docstring isn't specific, but maybe the standard is to prepend the prefix. 

Wait, maybe the code is straightforward. The method would just return prefix + self.log.status_str(). But wait, maybe self.log.status_str is a method that takes no arguments, or perhaps it's a string attribute. The docstring says "with self.log.status_str", so maybe it's a method. Let me check the wording again. The function "returns string representation with self.log.status_str, with optional prefix." So perhaps the self.log has a status_str method, and this method is wrapping that, adding the prefix.

So the code would be something like:

def status_str(self, prefix=''):
    return prefix + self.log.status_str()

But maybe I should make sure that self.log actually has a status_str method. However, since the problem says to generate code based on the provided signature and docstring, I don't need to handle errors here. Just follow the instructions.

Alternatively, maybe the self.log's status_str is a string, so it's just self.log.status_str. But the wording in the docstring says "with self.log.status_str", which might imply using that method. Since the user didn't specify, but the example uses .status_str, I think it's a method. So the code would call that method and prepend the prefix.

Wait, but maybe the method is part of a class where log is an instance variable. The user's code is supposed to use that. So the correct code is to call self.log.status_str() and add the prefix in front. 

Therefore, the code should be as simple as returning the concatenation of prefix and the result of self.log.status_str(). 

I think that's all. Let me write that.
