Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _explore_zipfile which uses _group_files_by_xml_filename. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says it groups the given zip path using that other function. So first, I should probably open the zip file located at zip_path. 

Wait, the function's name is _explore_zipfile, and it's supposed to process the zip. The key part is that it uses _group_files_by_xml_filename. I don't have the code for that helper function, but I can assume what it might do. The name suggests that it groups files in the zip based on their XML filenames. Maybe the helper function takes a list of filenames from the zip and groups them in some way, perhaps by the base name without extension or some pattern?

So the steps here are: open the zip file, list all the files in it, then pass those filenames to the grouping function. Let me outline the steps.

First, import the necessary modules. Since we're dealing with zip files, I'll need zipfile. Also, maybe os.path for manipulating filenames, but not sure yet. The function should take the zip_path as input. 

I'll start by opening the zip file using zipfile.ZipFile. Then, I need to get all the files in the zip. The namelist() method returns a list of all filenames in the zip. So I can get that list, then call _group_files_by_xml_filename with that list. Wait, but the parameters? The helper function's name implies it might take the list of filenames. So maybe the code is straightforward.

Wait, the function's docstring is a bit brief. Let me think again. The main function's job is to group the files in the zip by some criteria related to their XML filenames. The helper function probably takes the list of filenames and groups them. So the code would look like:

def _explore_zipfile(zip_path):
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zf:
        files = zf.namelist()
    grouped = _group_files_by_xml_filename(files)
    return grouped

But I need to make sure that the helper function is properly called. However, since the problem doesn't provide the code for the helper, maybe I should just structure the code to call it as per the docstring. Also, perhaps the helper function is part of the same module, so I can just reference it. 

Wait, maybe the grouping function requires more parameters, like the actual zip file object? Or maybe it's supposed to process the files in some way. Alternatively, perhaps the helper function is supposed to group the files based on their XML content, but the current function's parameters only have the zip_path. Since the docstring specifically mentions using the helper function, I think the correct approach is to first extract all filenames from the zip, then pass that list to the helper. 

So the code would involve opening the zip, getting the namelist, then grouping. The function should return whatever the grouping function returns. 

I should also handle the zip file properly, using a with statement to ensure it's closed. The code needs to import zipfile. Wait, but the user didn't mention any imports. Since the problem says to generate the code based on the given signature and docstring, maybe the helper function is already defined elsewhere. So I don't need to include the import in the code, but the function must call the helper correctly. 

Putting it all together: the function opens the zip, gets the list of files, calls the helper with that list, and returns the result. That seems to fit the docstring's description. Let me write that code. Oh right, and the user wants only the code in Python format, without any explanations. So I'll make sure to structure it correctly. Also, the think section is just for me, so the actual code should be written as per the instructions.
