Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function make_parsers() based on the given docstring. The function's purpose is to build a top-level parser and its subparsers, returning them as a tuple. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that in Python, argument parsing is often done using the argparse module. The top-level parser would be an instance of ArgumentParser. Then, to add subparsers, I should use the add_subparsers method. 

Wait, the function should return both the main parser and the subparsers. So the tuple would contain (parser, subparsers). Let me check the structure again. The main parser is created, then subparsers are added via a command like subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(), right? 

Hmm, but when you call add_subparsers, sometimes you have to specify a dest or help parameter. Maybe the standard way is to just add the subparsers and return them. The user didn't specify any particular subparsers to add, just to build the structure. So the code would be pretty straightforward.

Let me outline the steps. Start by importing argparse. Then, create the parser object. Then, add the subparsers. Return them as a tuple. Oh right, the function doesn't take any parameters, just creates these objects.

Wait, the function's docstring says "Build a top-level parser and its subparsers and return them as a tuple." So the main parser and the subparsers object. The code would look something like:

def make_parsers():
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(...)
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers()
    return parser, subparsers

But I should make sure that the code is correct. Let me think again. The add_subparsers method might need to be called with a metavar to make the help message nicer, but maybe the user just wants the basic setup. Also, maybe the top-level parser doesn't need any specific arguments, since the subparsers will handle the commands. 

So the code would be:

import argparse

def make_parsers():
    """Build a top-level parser and its subparsers and return them as a tuple."""
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers()
    return parser, subparsers

Wait, but in recent versions of argparse, the recommended way is to use parser.add_subparsers(dest='command') to have the subparsers store their name in 'command' so you can check which one was used. However, the problem statement doesn't mention needing any specific setup beyond creating them. Since the docstring doesn't specify any details, maybe just the basic call is sufficient. 

Alternatively, perhaps the subparsers variable is the Action object returned by add_subparsers. But I think the common practice is to assign that to a variable like subparsers, and then the function can return both the parser and the subparsers. 

I think that's all. The code is simple. Let me make sure I don't miss any imports. The user is a Python engineer, so they probably know about argparse. The code should start with importing it. Wait, the function is supposed to be the code. The user's function signature is given, so the code must include the import. Oh right, the function is part of the code. So the code should first import argparse, then define the function as above.

Yes, that's correct. The function creates the parser, adds subparsers to it, and returns both. The tuple is (parser, subparsers). I think that's all. Let me write that out.
