Okay, I need to write a Python function called files_list that takes a path and returns the files in that path. Let's see. The docstring says to return the files in the given path. Hmm, so first I should check if the path is valid. Maybe use os.path to check if it's a directory. If it's not a directory, maybe return an empty list or raise an error? Wait, the problem doesn't specify handling errors, so perhaps just proceed assuming it's a valid directory.

Wait, the function's purpose is to list the files. So in Python, the standard way to get files in a directory is using os.listdir(path). But that returns both files and directories. Oh right, the question says "files", so I should filter out directories. So I need to go through each item in the list from os.listdir, check if it's a file, and collect those.

How do I check if a entry is a file? Using os.path.isfile. So for each item in the directory entries, I can construct the full path (path + item?) Wait, actually, maybe I should join them properly with os.path.join to handle different OS paths correctly.

So the steps would be: 

1. Check if the provided path is a valid directory. If not, maybe return an empty list? Or perhaps the function should just return all entries if it's a file? Wait, no, the function is supposed to return files in the path. If the path is a file, then there are no files inside it. So probably, first check if the path exists and is a directory. If not, return an empty list. 

Wait, the problem says "given path" but maybe it's expecting that the path is a directory. So in the function, first, check if the path is a directory using os.path.isdir. If it's not, then maybe return an empty list. 

So the code structure would be something like:

import os

def files_list(path):
    if not os.path.isdir(path):
        return []
    files = []
    for entry in os.listdir(path):
        full_path = os.path.join(path, entry)
        if os.path.isfile(full_path):
            files.append(entry)
    return files

Wait, but what about subdirectories? The function should list the files directly in that path, not recursively. So this approach should work. 

Alternatively, maybe using a list comprehension would be better. Let me think. 

def files_list(path):
    if not os.path.isdir(path):
        return []
    return [f for f in os.listdir(path) if os.path.isfile(os.path.join(path, f))]

That's more concise. But does that work? Yes, because for each f in the list, we check if the joined path is a file. 

But wait, what if the path is a string that's not properly formatted? Like, with a trailing slash? os.path.join should handle that, but maybe I should make sure to process the path first. Like, using os.path.normpath or something? Or maybe the function expects the path to be correctly provided. 

Alternatively, perhaps the user just wants all entries except directories. So the code is okay. 

Another point: the function should return the list of filenames, not the full paths. The original os.listdir returns the filenames, so appending the entry name is correct. 

So putting it all together, the function first checks if the path is a directory. If not, returns empty list. Then uses list comprehension to filter the entries. 

I think that's the right approach. Let me make sure I didn't miss anything. 

Wait, maybe the path could be a file, but the function is supposed to return the files in that path. If the path is a file, then there's nothing inside, so returning empty is correct. 

Alternatively, maybe the function should just list the file itself if given a file path? But the docstring says "files in given path", which implies the path refers to a directory. 

So the code I have should work. Let me write that.
