Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function make_parsers based on the given docstring. The function is supposed to build a parser and its subparsers and return them as a tuple. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function's name is make_parsers, and the docstring says it returns a parser and its subparsers as a tuple. From what I remember, in Python's argparse module, you create a parser, and then you can add subparsers. So maybe the function should create the main parser and a subparsers object, then return both.

Wait, right, when using subparsers, you usually do something like this:

parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(...)
subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(help='sub-command help')

So the main parser is the top-level one, and the subparsers is the object that will handle the sub-commands. The function should return both as a tuple. The question is, does the subparsers object come from add_subparsers() and is that what needs to be returned?

The function's docstring doesn't specify any parameters, so the code should just create these objects without any inputs. So the code would start by importing argparse, then create the parser, add the subparsers, and return them.

Wait, but the function is called make_parsers (plural), which suggests that maybe it's creating multiple parsers, but the standard way is to have one main parser and then subparsers which are used to add sub-commands. The subparsers object is a special action that allows adding sub-commands. So the main parser and the subparsers action are the two elements in the tuple.

Let me check the exact code structure. The main parser is created, then the subparsers are added via add_subparsers(). The function should return (parser, subparsers) perhaps?

So putting it all together, the code would be:

import argparse

def make_parsers():
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers()
    return parser, subparsers

Hmm, but maybe the user expects some more setup. The docstring is pretty minimal. The function's purpose is just to build the parser and its subparsers. The standard approach is correct here. The subparsers variable holds the subparser object, so returning them as a tuple makes sense. Let me see if there are any required parameters for add_subparsers. The default is to have a 'command' positional argument. Since the docstring doesn't specify any particular configuration, just using the default is okay. So the code should be straightforward.

Wait, the function should return a tuple. So in Python, when you return multiple variables, you can just list them separated by commas, and that forms a tuple. So parser, subparsers is the correct return statement.

I think that's all. The code doesn't need any additional arguments or setup beyond that. Let me make sure I didn't miss anything. The function's docstring is brief, but the task is to create the parser and subparsers and return them. So the code I have should work.
