Okay, I need to write a Python function called file_to_textbuffer that takes a file name and an encoding as parameters. The docstring says to load a file into a text buffer. Hmm, I'm not entirely sure what a text buffer is here. Maybe it refers to a tkinter Text widget or a buffer object? Wait, the function's purpose is to read the file and put its contents into a text buffer, so perhaps it's just returning the contents as a string? Or maybe it's appending to a buffer, like a list or a StringIO?

The function's name suggests that it's converting a file into some text buffer structure. Let me think. If the user is expecting to return the content of the file as a string, then the function would simply open the file with the given encoding and read it. But maybe the text buffer is a specific object, like a Text object from tkinter. But the parameters don't include a buffer object to append to, so probably the function is supposed to read the file and return its contents as a string in a buffer-like structure. Alternatively, perhaps it's using a buffer in memory, like a list where each line is an element, but that's less common.

Wait, maybe the term 'text buffer' here is just a way to say that the function reads the entire file into memory as a string. So the function would open the file, read it, and return the text. Let me check the parameters again. The function has file_name and encoding, so it's about reading the file with the correct encoding and storing the content somewhere. Since the parameters don't include a pre-existing buffer, perhaps the function is supposed to create a new buffer. But in Python, when you read a file, you can read it into a string, which is a buffer of text. So maybe the function just opens the file, reads it using the specified encoding, and returns the content as a string. 

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to read the file line by line and store each line in a list, which acts as a buffer. But the name 'text buffer' might imply a more efficient way, like using a StringIO. Or perhaps it's just the string itself. Let's think of the simplest approach first. The most straightforward method would be to open the file in read mode with the given encoding, read all the contents, and return that as a string. 

Wait, the docstring says "Load a file toward a text buffer" which could be phrased as moving the file's contents into a buffer. So maybe the function is supposed to return a TextIOWrapper or a BytesIO/StringIO object? But those are usually the file objects themselves. Alternatively, maybe it's returning a list of lines. Hmm. 

Alternatively, perhaps the function is part of a GUI application, like using Tkinter's Text widget, and the text buffer is the content of that widget. But without a parameter for the widget, that's not possible here. So the most logical conclusion is that the function reads the entire file using the specified encoding and returns the text as a string. 

So the code would be something like:

def file_to_textbuffer(file_name, encoding):
    with open(file_name, 'r', encoding=encoding) as file:
        return file.read()

Wait, but what about handling possible exceptions? The problem didn't mention error handling, so maybe it's not required here. The user just wants the code based on the given signature and docstring. So the function should open the file in read mode with the provided encoding, read its contents, and return them. 

Another consideration: sometimes, the default mode is 'r', but specifying it explicitly is better. Also, using 'with' is good practice for file handling. So that's the way to go. Let me make sure there's no other interpretation. Since the user didn't specify any other parameters, like a buffer object to write into, the function probably just reads and returns the content. 

Yes, I think that's it. The code should be straightforward. Let me write that.
