Okay, I need to write a Python function called default_tzinfo that takes a datetime object (dt) and a tzinfo object. The goal is to set the tzinfo on the datetime only if it's naive. Hmm, right, a naive datetime is one that doesn't have a timezone attached. So first, I should check if dt is already aware. How do I do that? Oh right, I can check if dt.tzinfo is None. Because if it's not None, then it's aware. 

Wait, the function's docstring says that if the datetime is naive, then we assign the given tzinfo. Otherwise, leave it as is. So the return value should always be an aware datetime, either the original if it had a tzinfo, or the new one with the default tzinfo applied.

So the steps are: check if dt's tzinfo is None. If yes, then replace it with the provided tzinfo. If not, return dt as is. But how to replace the tzinfo? Because you can't just assign it directly since datetime objects are immutable. Oh right, you have to create a new datetime instance with the same values but the new tzinfo. Wait, but maybe there's a better way. Like using replace method.

Yes, so if dt is naive (tzinfo is None), then we return dt.replace(tzinfo=tzinfo). Otherwise, return dt. Wait, but what about if the original dt is aware but has an offset of zero? Like UTC? The function should leave it alone. 

Wait, the example in the doctest shows that when the input has a timezone (like the first parse with 'UTC'), the output keeps the original UTC. The second example is a naive datetime, so it gets the dflt_tz which is EST with -18000 seconds (which is -5 hours). So the code needs to check if dt is naive. 

Wait, the code in the example uses parse('2014-01-01 12:30 UTC'), which would set the tzinfo to UTC. So the function leaves that as is. The second case, parse('2014-01-01 12:30') is a naive datetime, so the function adds the dflt_tz. 

So the function is straightforward. The code would be something like:

def default_tzinfo(dt, tzinfo):
    if dt.tzinfo is None:
        return dt.replace(tzinfo=tzinfo)
    else:
        return dt

Wait, but in Python, the replace method returns a new object. So that's correct. 

Wait, but what about if dt is a datetime with a timezone, but the tzinfo is not None? Then we just return the original. 

Wait, but there's a possible edge case here. Suppose someone passes an aware datetime but with a tzinfo that's already set. Then the function does nothing. That's exactly what we want. 

So this code should work. Let me test the examples. 

In the first doctest example, parse('2014-01-01 12:30 UTC') would return a datetime with tzinfo set to UTC (offset +00:00). So the function returns that as is. The printed result shows +00:00, which matches. 

The second example is parse without the UTC, so the dt is naive. Applying the dflt_tz (which is -18000, so -5 hours) would set that tzinfo. The output then shows -05:00, which is correct. 

So that's the code. But wait, maybe I should check if the tzinfo is actually a valid instance? The function's parameters say that tzinfo is a datetime.tzinfo subclass instance, so I can assume it's valid. 

So the code should be as simple as that. Let me make sure I'm not missing anything. The function's return type is always an aware datetime. Since if dt was naive, we replace the tzinfo with the provided one. So the return is correct. 

Yes, that's the code. I think that's all. I'll write it now.
