Okay, I need to write a Python function called append_text_to_file. Let's see the parameters: file_name, text_buffer, encoding, and overwrite which is a boolean with a default of False. The docstring says it writes the data from the text buffer to a file. 

Hmm, so first, I should figure out whether to open the file in append mode or write mode. Since there's an overwrite parameter, if overwrite is True, then we should overwrite the existing file. Otherwise, append to it. 

Wait, the function is named append_text_to_file, so maybe the default behavior is appending. But the parameter allows overwriting. Right, so the mode would be 'w' if overwrite is True, else 'a'. But I should check if the file exists when appending. Oh wait, in 'a' mode, Python automatically creates the file if it doesn't exist, so maybe that's okay.

Wait, but sometimes when you append, you might want to add the text even if the file isn't there. So the mode should be 'a' by default, but when overwrite is True, use 'w' to erase any existing content first.

So the steps would be: open the file in the appropriate mode, using the given encoding, then write the text_buffer to it. But what about handling the file properly? Need to make sure we close it after, so using a with statement is best practice.

Wait, the text_buffer is probably a string? Or maybe a list of strings? The function says "text buffer" which could be either. But the function's docstring mentions writing data from the text buffer, so maybe it's a single string. Let me think, if it's a list, then maybe we should join them or write each line. But since the parameter is named text_buffer, maybe it's a single string. But perhaps I should make sure to write it as is.

So the code structure would be:

def append_text_to_file(file_name, text_buffer, encoding, overwrite=False):
    mode = 'w' if overwrite else 'a'
    with open(file_name, mode, encoding=encoding) as f:
        f.write(text_buffer)

Wait, but in 'a' mode, writing will append to the end. That's correct. But what if the file is supposed to be overwritten? Then 'w' mode would truncate it first. 

Wait, but the parameter is called overwrite. So if overwrite is True, then the existing file is replaced. Otherwise, the text is added to the end. That makes sense.

Wait, what about checking if the file exists when in append mode? I don't think that's necessary because 'a' mode works whether it exists or not. The with statement handles opening and closing, so that's good.

Wait, but maybe there's an issue with the encoding. The open function's encoding parameter is correctly used here. So the function takes the encoding as an argument, which is passed directly. 

Wait, are there any edge cases? Like if the file is supposed to be overwritten but doesn't exist yet, that's okay. The 'w' mode will create it. 

What about if the text_buffer is bytes instead of a string? No, the function says it's a text buffer and the encoding is specified, so probably the text_buffer is a string. Wait, maybe the function expects to write bytes, but the name is append_text_to_file, so likely using text mode. So the code is okay.

Wait, but maybe the user wants to append lines, so maybe using write() is correct. The function just writes the entire text_buffer at once. That's what the docstring says. 

I think that's the core of it. So the code is straightforward. Let me make sure I didn't miss anything. The parameters are all there, and the mode is set based on overwrite. Using with to handle the file. 

Wait, should I handle exceptions? Like if the file can't be opened for some reason? The docstring doesn't mention error handling, so maybe the function just proceeds and lets exceptions propagate. So no need to add try/except unless specified, which it isn't here.

Okay, so the code should be as above. Let me write that out properly. The function, mode determined by overwrite, open with the correct encoding, and write the text_buffer. That's all.
