Okay, I need to generate Python code for the popitem method based on the given docstring. The docstring says that popitem should remove and return the most recently used (MRU) key-value pair. Hmm, wait a second. The standard popitem in Python's dict removes and returns an arbitrary item, or the least recently used if using an ordered dict. But here the requirement is different—it's supposed to get the most recently used. 

So I think this is part of a class that's perhaps a subclass of dict but with LRU or MRU functionality. Since the method is called popitem and the goal is to remove the MRU, maybe the class is tracking the order of insertion or access? Like, maybe each time an item is accessed or modified, it's moved to the end, so the MRU is the last one. 

The standard approach for an LRU cache is to use an OrderedDict and move_to_end when accessing. But for MRU, maybe you don't move the items, so the last item inserted is the MRU. Wait, but when you popitem, in a regular dict, it's arbitrary. In an ordered dict, popitem might pop the last one by default. Let me recall: the popitem() method in collections.OrderedDict can take a 'last' parameter. If last is true, it pops the last item (which would be the most recently added or moved), so that's probably what they want here.

So assuming that this class uses an OrderedDict, then the popitem method should call self._data.popitem(last=True), where _data is the OrderedDict instance. But maybe the code isn't using an OrderedDict? Alternatively, the class might have its own way of tracking the order. Let's think about how to structure this.

The function is part of a class, so the method will have to manipulate the instance's data. Let's say the class has an internal dictionary and a list or some structure to track the order. But the simplest way is using an OrderedDict. So the code would be something like:

def popitem(self):
    """Remove and return the (key, value) pair most recently used."""
    return self.order_dict.popitem(last=True)

But the user's code might have a different variable name. Since the problem doesn't specify the class's internal structure, maybe I should assume it's an ordered dict. Alternatively, perhaps the class is a custom LRU cache, but here the popitem is for MRU. Wait, the docstring says "most recently used," which usually refers to the one that was used (accessed or modified) most recently. 

So the key here is to implement a popitem that removes the MRU entry. How is that tracked? Let me think of possible implementations. If the class uses an ordered dict where each access moves the element to the end, then the MRU would be the last element. So when you popitem with last=True, that's the MRU. Alternatively, if the ordered dict tracks insertion order, and the most recent insertion is the MRU, then again popitem(last=True) would work. 

Therefore, the code probably involves using an ordered dictionary and calling popitem with last=True. The user probably expects the code to be part of a class that has such an ordered dict as its underlying data structure. Since the problem doesn't give more context, I should write the code as if the class has an attribute like self.data which is an OrderedDict. 

Wait, but the standard dict in Python 3.7+ is ordered, but it's not an explicit ordered dict. However, for the purposes of this question, perhaps the class is using an OrderedDict. So the code would be straightforward. 

Alternatively, maybe the class is designed such that the most recently used item is kept at the end. So when you popitem, you take the last one. 

Putting this together, the method would call the popitem on the internal ordered dict with last=True. The return value is the (key, value) pair. 

Therefore, the code would be something like:

def popitem(self):
    """Remove and return the (key, value) pair most recently used."""
    return self._ordered_dict.popitem(last=True)

But since the problem didn't mention any specific internal variables, maybe the code is supposed to assume that the class is using an ordered dict, and that the method is part of that. Alternatively, perhaps the code is for a class that wraps an ordered dict. 

Alternatively, maybe the user wants to implement this without using the popitem of an ordered dict. But given the problem's phrasing, the most straightforward way is to use the popitem method of an ordered dict with last=True. 

So I'll proceed under the assumption that the class has an instance variable like _data which is an OrderedDict, and the code simply calls popitem with last=True. 

Wait, but in the standard popitem for an ordered dict, last=True gives the last item (the most recent), so that's correct. 

Therefore, the code would be:

def popitem(self):
    \"\"\"
    Remove and return the (key, value) pair most recently used.
    \"\"\"
    return self._data.popitem(last=True)

But the user might have a different variable name. Since the problem doesn't specify, perhaps the code is part of a class that already has the necessary data structures. The most common approach would be to use an ordered dict. 

Alternatively, maybe the code needs to handle the case where the dictionary is empty? But the docstring doesn't mention raising KeyError, so perhaps that's assumed. 

The function's docstring says "remove and return", so the code must do that. The generated code should only be the code, no explanations. So I'll write that. 

Wait, but what if the class is a regular dict? Then popitem without parameters isn't defined. So the code must be part of a class that has an ordered dict. 

Therefore, the correct code is to use the popitem method of the underlying ordered dict with last=True. 

So the code is as above. I'll make sure to use the triple quotes and correct indentation. Since the function is a method, it's inside a class, so the first parameter is self, and the internal data is stored in an instance variable, perhaps named data or ordered_dict. Let me pick a common name like _data. 

So the code would be:

def popitem(self):
    """
    Remove and return the (key, value) pair most recently used.
    """
    return self._data.popitem(last=True)

Yes, that should do it. I think that's the right approach here. The key is to use the ordered dict's popitem with last=True to get the most recent item.
