Okay, I need to generate Python code for the popitem method based on the given docstring. The function is supposed to remove the first inserted key's value and return a tuple of the key and value. 

Hmm, wait, the user mentioned that the code should be for a Python class. Since popitem is a method, probably part of a dictionary-like class. But the standard dict's popitem() removes and returns a (key,value) pair, but it's arbitrary. However, the doc here specifies to remove the first inserted key. Oh right, so this must be for an OrderedDict or something similar where the insertion order is tracked.

So the class must be using an ordered dictionary. The method should pop the first item instead of the last. In Python's collections.OrderedDict, there's a popitem() method that can take a last argument. If last is True (default), it pops the last item. If set to False, it pops the first. So maybe the code can use that.

Wait, but the user wants to implement this themselves? Or just use the existing OrderedDict? Since the function is called popitem, and the docstring says exactly that, perhaps the code is part of a class that uses an OrderedDict. So in the method, they can call the popitem method of the underlying ordered dict with last=False. 

Alternatively, maybe the class is a subclass of OrderedDict. Then the code would be:

def popitem(self):
    return self.popitem(last=False)

But the user's function is written as a method. The code needs to be inside a class, probably. Since the problem doesn't specify the rest of the class, I have to assume that the self here has an ordered dictionary structure. So the code would rely on the popitem method of the ordered dict, but adjust the parameter. 

So the generated code should be straightforward. Just return the result of popitem with last set to False. That way, it removes the first inserted item. Let me check the docstring again. It says "the first inserted key", so yes, that's exactly what popitem(last=False) does. 

Therefore, the code would be:

def popitem(self):
    """Remove the value corresponding to the first inserted key and returns the key and value in tuple format."""
    return super().popitem(last=False)

Wait, but if the class is not using inheritance from OrderedDict, maybe it's using a different structure. But given the problem constraints, the user probably expects to use the standard approach. So using super() makes sense if it's a subclass. Alternatively, if the class has its own implementation, perhaps there's a way to track the order. But without more context, the best approach is to use the existing OrderedDict's method. 

So I'll go with that. The code should be as simple as possible. The docstring matches the requirement, so the code uses popitem with last=False. That's the solution.
