Okay, so I need to write a Python function called paging that takes a response list and a max_results integer, and returns a generator that splits the response into pages of max_results length each. Let me think about how to approach this.

Hmm, the function should be a generator, right? So I'll use the yield keyword to produce each page. The idea is to iterate over the response list in chunks of size max_results. 

Wait, how do I split a list into chunks? Oh right, I can loop through the list and slice it. Like, starting at index 0, then 0 to max, then max to 2max, and so on. So for each i in range(0, len(response), max_results), the slice would be response[i:i+max_results]. 

Wait, but the generator needs to yield each of these slices. Let me structure the function. The parameters are response and max_results. I should check if max_results is a positive integer? Or maybe the function just assumes it's a valid number. The docstring says it's the maximum per page, so probably just proceed with slicing as long as there are elements left.

So the steps are: start at 0, then in each step, take a slice from the current index to current + max_results. Then yield that slice. Increment the index by max_results each time until the end of the list is reached.

Let me think of an example. Suppose the response has 10 items and max_results is 3. The first page would be 0-3 (items 0,1,2), then 3-6 (3,4,5), then 6-9 (6,7,8), then 9-12 (just 9). So each of those slices is yielded. 

The loop would be for i in range(0, len(response), max_results). Wait, but the standard way to do this is using a loop with start, end, and step. Alternatively, using a while loop. Maybe the for loop with the range is easier here. The range would create indexes 0, 3, 6, 9, etc. Then each time, we can take the slice from i to i + max_results. 

So inside the function, I can loop over i in that range, and then yield response[i:i+max_results]. That should work. Let me make sure. Let's see, if the list is empty, then the loop won't run. If max_results is 0, that's an error but the function probably expects it to be a positive integer. The docstring says max_results is an int, but maybe it's up to the user to provide a valid one. So the code can proceed under that assumption.

Wait, but what if max_results is 0? Probably, we should handle that as an error. But the problem says to generate code based on the given docstring, which specifies that max_results is an int. The function's return is a generator. So perhaps we just proceed, and if someone passes 0, it will loop but the slices will be empty. But maybe that's beyond the scope here. Let's just do the basic case.

So putting it all together, the function would be something like:

def paging(response, max_results):
    for i in range(0, len(response), max_results):
        yield response[i:i+max_results]

Wait, that seems straightforward. Let me check the parameters again. The response is a list, and max_results is an integer. The returns is a generator. So this should work. Each time, the loop steps by max_results, so each iteration's i is the starting index, and the slice gives the next max_results items. 

Wait, but what if the remaining items are less than max_results? Like the last page. That's okay, because slicing beyond the end just returns a shorter list. So that's exactly what we need. 

So I think that's the code. Let me see if there's anything else. The docstring says "every response with the length of max_results". Wait, maybe each page should have exactly max_results elements except possibly the last one? Well, the code does that naturally because when the remaining elements are fewer than max, the slice is just those elements. 

Yes, so this should work. The generator will yield each chunk in turn. The user can then loop over the generator to get each page. 

I think that's the correct approach. Let me just make sure there are no off-by-one errors here. Let's say len(response) is 5, max_results is 3. The indexes would be 0, 3. The first slice is 0-3 (3 elements), the second 3-6 (2 elements). So that's correct. 

Okay, so the code is as above. Let me write that.
