Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_local that checks if a given host is localhost. The docstring says it should return True if the host is localhost, which includes local IP addresses like 127.0.0.1, the domain name localhost, the username (maybe like 'root'?), and the local domain name. Hmm, wait, what's a local domain name exactly? Maybe something like 'local' or the machine's own hostname?

First, I should think about all the possible ways a host can be considered local. The obvious ones are 'localhost' and '127.0.0.1', but there are others. Local IPs could be in the private ranges, like 127.0.0.1, but also maybe IPv6 addresses like ::1. Oh right, the problem mentions local IP, so maybe including those.

Then the username part is a bit confusing. Maybe the function is supposed to check if the host includes the current username? Or is the username considered part of the host string here? Like if the host is something like 'user@localhost', then the username is there but the host is still localhost. Wait, the problem says "include local IP, user name, local domain name, `localhost` and `127.0.0.1`". So perhaps the user name is part of the host, like in some connection strings where you have user@hostname? Or maybe the user name is part of the host in some contexts. But how would that work? Like, if the host is "myuser" then it's considered local? That might not make sense. Maybe the user name is part of the host when there's a split like user@host, but in that case, the host part would still need to be checked. Hmm, maybe the user name is irrelevant here. Wait, perhaps the problem is referring to the hostname being the local machine's name, which might include the username in some way? Or maybe it's a mistake and they meant to list the local domain name instead of username? Or maybe the user name is part of the host in some cases, like when the host is specified as 'username@localhost'? In that case, perhaps we need to split the host into user and hostname parts?

Alternatively, maybe the user name is part of the host string, but the function should check if the host is any of the local identifiers, regardless of the user. For example, if the input is 'user@localhost', the function should still return True because the host part is 'localhost'. So maybe the user part can be ignored, and we just check the host part after splitting?

Wait the problem says "the localhost include local IP, user name, local domain name, `localhost` and `127.0.0.1`". So maybe the user name is considered part of the local host? Like, if the host is the current user's name, then it's local? That doesn't make much sense. Maybe it's a translation error. Perhaps it's supposed to be "the local hostname" instead of user name? Or maybe the username is part of the host in some cases, such as when the host is given as a user@host format, but the actual host part is still local. So perhaps the function should first split the host into user and host components if there's an @, then check the host part?

Alternatively, maybe the user name is part of the host string but not directly related to being localhost. Maybe that part is a mistake, and the actual criteria are IP addresses in the loopback ranges (like 127.0.0.1/::1), the hostname being 'localhost', or the local domain name. The local domain name might be something like the machine's own domain, but how do I get that? Or perhaps the local domain is something like '.local' as a suffix? Like 'mycomputer.local'?

Hmm, the problem's description is a bit unclear. Let me re-read the docstring. The args are host, which is the hostname or ip. The returns are True if it's localhost. The includes are: local IP (so any IP in loopback addresses), user name (maybe the host is the username?), local domain name, and the explicit strings 'localhost' and '127.0.0.1'. 

Wait, perhaps the user name is part of the host in some way, like if the host is the user's own machine's name. For example, maybe the username is part of the host's full name? Not sure. Alternatively, maybe the username is part of the host in a different context, but perhaps that's not relevant here. Maybe the user name is a red herring, or perhaps it's a typo. Let's see. The function's purpose is to check if the host is the local machine. So the username isn't directly part of that. Maybe the user name is part of the host when it's in a format like 'username@127.0.0.1', so we need to split off the username part first?

Ah right, perhaps the host parameter can come in a form that includes a username, like in an SSH string (e.g., "user@localhost"), so the function should first split the host on '@' to get just the hostname part. Then check that part against the local criteria.

So step one: split the host string on '@' to get the actual hostname. Because sometimes the host might be given with a user part. So host could be "user@localhost" or "127.0.0.1", etc. So the first thing is to split the host into the user and hostname parts, then take the hostname part to check.

Then, check if that hostname is one of the loopback addresses (like 127.0.0.1, ::1), or the literal 'localhost', or the local domain name. Wait, what's the local domain name? The local domain might be the machine's own domain, but how do I get that? Or perhaps it's any domain that ends with .local, like the mDNS domains? For example, if the host is "myhost.local", then that's considered local. Or maybe the local domain is the actual domain name of the local machine, which you can get via socket.getfqdn() or something similar?

Alternatively, maybe "local domain name" refers to the machine's own hostname with a domain part. For example, if the machine's hostname is 'my-pc.localdomain', then 'localdomain' is the domain. But I'm not sure how to get that programmatically. Hmm, maybe the problem is expecting a simpler approach. Let's see the possible cases again.

The function needs to return True for 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1' (IPv6 loopback), and maybe other loopback addresses. Also, the local domain name. Wait, perhaps the local domain name is the machine's own domain, which you can get via socket.gethostname() but with the domain part. But in many cases, the domain might not be set. Alternatively, maybe the local domain is just the machine's hostname, so if the host matches that, then it's considered local. Or perhaps the local domain is a specific name like 'local'?

Alternatively, maybe the local domain name is the machine's own fully qualified domain name. For example, if the machine's FQDN is 'hostname.example.com', then that's considered a local domain name. But how do I check that?

Hmm, perhaps the problem is expecting to check for some common cases. Let's think of the steps:

First, split the host to get the hostname part. So, host.split('@')[-1], because if there's a @, the part after is the hostname.

Then, check if that hostname is 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1', or any of the other loopback IPs. Also, maybe check if it's the local machine's hostname. So how to get the local machine's hostname? Using socket.gethostname()?

Wait, but the user might have a different way of representing the host. For example, the local machine's hostname could be 'my-pc', so if the host is 'my-pc', then it's considered local. So the function should compare the hostname part to the machine's own hostname, or the FQDN?

But then, how do I handle that in code? Because the function has to work without external dependencies except perhaps the socket module.

Also, the problem mentions "local IP" which includes the loopback addresses, but also other local networks? Like 192.168.x.x? Probably not, because local host usually refers to loopback. Wait, but the problem's first line says "the host is the localhost", so it's specifically the loopback address, not any local network.

So the plan is:

1. Split the host on '@' to get the hostname part. Because sometimes the host might be user@hostname.

2. Check if the hostname is in a list of known local hostnames and IPs, like 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1', and also the actual hostname of the local machine. Additionally, check if it's the FQDN of the local machine, which could include a domain. But maybe the problem is considering that the local domain name is something like the machine's own domain part, which might be 'local' or something else?

Alternatively, maybe the local domain is the machine's domain, but how to get that? The socket module can help here.

Wait, perhaps the correct approach is to check if the host is a loopback address (using the ipaddress module to parse and check), or if it's the actual hostname of the local machine, or if it's the FQDN. Also, the 'localhost' and '127.0.0.1' are explicit.

So the steps:

- Split host into the actual hostname part.

- Check if the hostname is 'localhost' or '127.0.0.1' or '::1' or similar.

- Also check if it matches the local machine's hostname (as returned by socket.gethostname()).

- Check if it matches the local machine's FQDN (like getfqdn()).

- Maybe check if it's an IPv4 or IPv6 loopback address.

Wait, perhaps using the ipaddress module to check if the host is a loopback IP. Let's see: the ipaddress.IPv4Address('127.0.0.1').is_loopback would return True. Similarly for IPv6.

So here's the plan:

Split the host to get the hostname (after @ if present).

Then, check the hostname against:

- 'localhost'

- '127.0.0.1'

- '::1'

- The local machine's hostname (socket.gethostname())

- The local machine's FQDN (socket.getfqdn())

Wait, but the user's local domain name might be part of that. Alternatively, perhaps the FQDN could be something like 'hostname.localdomain', so if the host is 'hostname.localdomain', then it's considered local.

So the function would need to get the current machine's hostname and FQDN, and compare the input hostname to those.

But how to handle that in code? Let's think:

First, get the parts of the host. So:

hostname = host.split('@')[-1]

Then check if hostname is in a list of possible local hostnames and IPs. The list would include 'localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1', and also the current hostname and FQDN.

Wait, but the current hostname can be obtained via socket.gethostname(), which might return a short name or the FQDN depending on the system's setup. To get the FQDN, maybe use socket.getfqdn().

Wait, let's see:

On some systems, socket.gethostname() returns the FQDN, on others just the short name. Hmm, but maybe for the purpose of this function, it's better to get both the short name and the FQDN and see if the host matches either.

Alternatively, perhaps the function should also check if the hostname resolves to a loopback address.

Alternatively, maybe the best way is to check if the hostname is a loopback IP (either IPv4 or IPv6) using the ipaddress module, or if it's the same as the machine's own hostname, or FQDN.

Wait, but how to check if it's a loopback IP?

We can parse the hostname as an IPv4 or IPv6 address and check if it's loopback. So:

def is_local(host):
    hostname = host.split('@')[-1]
    # check if it's one of the explicit strings
    if hostname in ['localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1']:
        return True
    # check if it's a loopback IP
    try:
        ip = ipaddress.ip_address(hostname)
        return ip.is_loopback
    except ValueError:
        pass
    # check if it's the local machine's hostname or FQDN
    local_hostname = socket.gethostname()
    local_fqdn = socket.getfqdn()
    return hostname == local_hostname or hostname == local_fqdn

Wait, but this requires importing socket and ipaddress. Also, need to make sure that the code is correct. Let me think: the function splits the host to get the part after @, then checks if it's in the list of known loopback names. Then, if it's an IP address, check if it's loopback. Then, check if it's equal to the local hostname or FQDN.

But the problem's description also mentions "local domain name". Maybe the FQDN includes the domain, so that part is covered. Also, maybe if the hostname is the machine's own domain, like 'domain.local'?

Wait, perhaps the local domain name is the domain part of the FQDN. For example, if the FQDN is 'host.example.local', then the domain is 'example.local'. But I'm not sure how to handle that. Maybe the problem is considering that the host is considered local if it's the machine's own hostname, FQDN, or any of the loopback addresses. The username part is just part of the host string but not the actual host, so splitting on @ is correct.

So the code would need to import socket and ipaddress. Let me structure that.

Wait, but in some cases, socket.gethostname() might return an IP address? Not sure. Let's think: on some systems, the gethostname() returns the short name, which could be 'localhost' or another name, but not an IP. The FQDN might include the domain part.

So, the steps are:

Split the host to get the actual hostname.

Check if it's one of the known loopback names.

Check if it's an IP address and loopback.

Check if it equals the local machine's hostname or FQDN.

Wait, but what about the username? Like, if the host is 'user@localhost', then splitting on @ gives 'localhost' which is correct. So that's handled.

Now, the code would need to import socket and ipaddress. But the user didn't mention any imports, so I should include them in the code.

Wait, the user said to output the code in Python markdown format, so I need to make sure the code is properly formatted with the necessary imports.

Wait, but the function may need to use those modules. Let's see.

Wait, the code I thought of earlier requires importing socket and ipaddress. Let me write that.

So, the code would start with:

import socket
import ipaddress

def is_local(host):
    hostname = host.split('@')[-1]
    if hostname in ['localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1']:
        return True
    try:
        ip = ipaddress.ip_address(hostname)
        return ip.is_loopback
    except ValueError:
        pass
    local_hostname = socket.gethostname()
    local_fqdn = socket.getfqdn()
    return hostname == local_hostname or hostname == local_fqdn

Wait, but what if the hostname is the machine's own IP address, like 192.168.1.2, but that's not loopback. So the code would not consider that as local. So that's correct.

Wait, but the problem says "local IP" includes the loopback IPs. So that's okay.

Another thing: sometimes the hostname can be 'localhost.localdomain', which is a common setup. So we should check if the hostname is the FQDN of the local machine, which could include that.

Hmm, but the code uses the local_hostname and local_fqdn variables. So if the host is 'localhost.localdomain', then splitting on @ gives that, and if the local FQDN is 'localhost.localdomain', then it would return True.

Yes, that seems okay.

Wait, but what about if the host is given as an IPv4 address in the 127.0.0.0/8 range, like 127.0.0.2? The ipaddress module will catch that as loopback. So that's covered.

What about the username part? For example, if the host is 'root@localhost', splitting on @ gives 'localhost', which is correct.

Now, possible edge cases: host is just 'localhost' → yes. host is '127.0.0.1' → yes. host is '::1' → yes. host is 'myhost' (the actual hostname of the machine) → yes. host is 'myhost.local' (the FQDN) → yes. host is 'user@myhost' → yes, if myhost is the local hostname. But if the host is 'user@otherhost' where otherhost is not local, then no.

Wait, but the problem says "include local IP, user name, local domain name". So maybe the user name is part of the host, but how does that make the host local? Like, if the host is 'myusername', then is that considered local? That doesn't seem right. Maybe the problem's description is a bit off, and the user name is not part of the criteria. Perhaps it's a mistranslation, and the actual criteria are the local IP, the local hostname, the local domain name, and the standard loopback names. So the username part is irrelevant except that the host might be in the form user@host, so we need to split that.

So the code as above should work. Let me test some cases.

Case 1: host is 'localhost' → returns True.

Case 2: host is '127.0.0.1' → returns True.

Case3: host is '::1' → True.

Case4: host is '127.0.0.2' → parsed as IP, which is loopback (since 127.0.0.0/8), so returns True.

Case5: host is 'myhost' (the actual hostname of the machine) → returns True.

Case6: host is 'myhost.local' (the FQDN) → returns True.

Case7: host is 'user@localhost' → split to 'localhost', so yes.

Case8: host is 'user@192.168.1.1' → split to '192.168.1.1', which is not loopback, and if that's not the local hostname, then returns false.

Wait, but what if the local machine's hostname is '192.168.1.1'? That's unlikely, but possible. Then it would return True. But in reality, the hostname is a name, not an IP. Unless the machine's hostname is set to an IP, which is not common. So probably okay.

Another thing: sometimes the gethostname() returns an empty string or a different value. But in most cases, it should return the correct name.

Wait, what if the system's hostname is 'localhost'? Then that would also be covered.

Hmm, I think this code should handle the cases mentioned. But maybe I should also check if the hostname is the machine's own IPv4 or IPv6 address, not just loopback. Wait no, because the problem specifies "local IP" as part of the localhost, so it must be the loopback addresses. So the code is okay.

Wait, the problem says "local IP, user name, local domain name, `localhost` and `127.0.0.1`". So perhaps the user name is part of the host, but the function should return True even if the username is present? Or perhaps the user name is part of the criteria? Like, if the host includes the username, then it's considered local? That doesn't make sense. Probably the username is a mistake, and the correct criteria are the hostname parts. So splitting on @ is correct.

Another possible point: the local domain name. Suppose the domain is 'localdomain', then the FQDN would be 'hostname.localdomain', so the domain part is 'localdomain'? Not sure. But the code as written checks the FQDN, so that's covered.

Wait, maybe the local domain is the domain part of the FQDN. Like, if the FQDN is 'myhost.local.example.com', then the domain is 'local.example.com'? But how to get that? Maybe it's easier to just check the FQDN as a whole, which is exactly what the code does.

So, I think this approach should work. Let me code it with the necessary imports. Also, in Python, the ipaddress module requires importing. So the code should start with:

import socket
import ipaddress

def is_local(host):
    hostname = host.split('@')[-1]
    if hostname in ('localhost', '127.0.0.1', '::1'):
        return True
    try:
        ip = ipaddress.ip_address(hostname)
        return ip.is_loopback
    except ValueError:
        pass
    return hostname == socket.gethostname() or hostname == socket.getfqdn()

Wait, but the code can be written using a list for the first check. Also, using a tuple is okay. Alternatively, maybe use a list. Oh, the original code I thought of uses a list. Either way is fine.

Wait, what about the case where the host is an IPv6 address like '0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1'? That's the same as ::1. So when we split and check, converting to an ip_address would normalize that, right? Because ipaddress will parse that as ::1. So that's okay.

Another edge case: the host is 'localhost.localdomain' → which is a common FQDN for loopback. The code would compare against the local FQDN. So if the system's FQDN is that, then it returns True. Otherwise, maybe not. But in any case, the code is checking against the system's own hostname and FQDN, so that's correct.

Wait, but what if the system's FQDN is different? Like, if the system's FQDN is 'my-pc', then the code would check if the hostname equals that. So that's okay.

Therefore, the code should be as above. Let me write it properly. Also, the function's docstring mentions that the local domain name is included. So the FQDN check covers that. The user name part is handled by splitting on @.

Hmm, I think this is correct. Let me also consider that maybe the username is part of the host in a different way, but according to the problem's description, the user name is part of the things that make it local. Wait, maybe the problem means that the host is the username itself? Like, if the host is the current username, then it's considered local? That would be odd. But perhaps the problem's description is a bit off.

Alternatively, maybe the user name is part of the host string, but the presence of the user name in the host makes it local? That seems unlikely. Probably the user name is part of the input host, like in a URL or connection string, and the function should ignore the user part. So splitting on @ is correct.

So the code should work. Let me make sure the code is formatted correctly. The user wants only the code in markdown, so probably triple backticks around it. Also, the function must have the exact signature given. So I'll write the code with the imports and the function as above.
