Okay, I need to write a Python function called match that checks if a given filename is a doxyfile. Let's see the docstring says to return True if the filename in lowercase is exactly 'doxyfile'. So the steps are: first, take the filename input, then convert it to lowercase. Then compare if it equals 'doxyfile'. 

Wait, but maybe the filename could have an extension? Hmm, the docstring isn't clear on that. The problem states to check if the type of the filename is 'doxyfile'. Oh, maybe 'type' here refers to the file's name without any extension? Or perhaps just the entire filename's lowercase? The docstring says "the type of the given filename", but the example might just mean the filename itself. Let me read the docstring again.

The docstring says: "Return True if the type of the given filename in lower case is 'doxyfile'". Wait, maybe that wording is a bit confusing. Maybe it's just checking the filename's lowercase string is exactly 'doxyfile'? Like, if the filename is "Doxyfile" or "DOXYFILE", then it would return True. But if it's "doxyfile.txt" then lowercase would be "doxyfile.txt" which is not equal, so return False. 

So the function should take the filename, convert it to lowercase, and check if it's exactly equal to 'doxyfile'. 

So the code would be something like:

def match(filename):
    return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

That's it? That seems straightforward. Let me make sure I'm not missing anything. The function's args is the filename, and the return is True only when the lowercase version is exactly 'doxyfile'. 

Yes, I think that's correct. The function doesn't need to check extensions or anything else. Just compare the entire lowercase filename to the target string. 

I'll write that code then. No other edge cases? Like, maybe leading or trailing whitespace? The problem doesn't mention trimming, so probably not. The user just wants a direct check after lowercasing. 

So the code is as above. Just return the result of that equality check. That should do it.
