Okay, I need to generate Python code for the method set_cut_chars based on the given signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says it's to set the bytes used to delimit slice points. The arguments are before and after, both bytes. So the purpose is probably to store these delimiters so that when the file is split, it uses them to determine where to cut.

Hmm, the method is part of a class, right? Since it's an instance method (has self as the first parameter). So I should create a class with this method. Wait, but the user just wants the code for the set_cut_chars function, not the entire class. But maybe the code should just define the method, assuming it's within a class.

The function doesn't return anything, so the body should end with return None or just have a pass. But probably, it's supposed to set some instance variables. Like, storing the before and after delimiters. So maybe something like self.before_cut = before and self.after_cut = after. That makes sense. The method's job is just to set those values for later use when splitting the file.

Wait, the parameters are before and after. The names might be important. So the code would be:

def set_cut_chars(self, before: bytes, after: bytes) -> None:
    """
    Set the bytes used to delimit slice points.

    Args:
        before: Split file before these delimiters.
        after: Split file after these delimiters.
    """
    self.before = before
    self.after = after

But maybe the class has some existing attributes, or perhaps it's better to use more descriptive names. The docstring mentions "delimiters" so maybe the variables are stored as such. Alternatively, maybe the method is part of a class that handles file splitting, so storing these bytes in the instance would be correct.

Wait the function's parameters are before and after, so the code should take those parameters and assign them to the instance. So the simplest implementation is to set self.before and self.after. That's probably all that's needed here. The user didn't specify any other logic, so the code is straightforward. Let me check the docstring again. The description says "Set the bytes used to delimit slice points." So yeah, just setting the delimiters. The args explain that before is where to split before the delimiters and after is where to split after. But the method's responsibility is just to store these values. So the code is just two assignments. I think that's it. I should output the code without any extra explanations, just the method as written. Oh, and make sure to include the docstring exactly as provided. So the code would be exactly the signature given, with the docstring, then the two assignments. That's the code. Let me write that.
