Okay, I need to generate a Python method called validate_choices_args that checks if the value of the given arguments is one of the available choices. The parameters are self and args. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function's purpose is to validate that the arguments provided are among the allowed choices. So, probably, the method should compare each argument's value against a predefined list of choices. But where would these choices be stored? Maybe in a dictionary within the class that's using this method. Like, perhaps the class has an attribute like 'choices' which maps argument names to their valid options.

Wait, the function's parameters are self and args. The docstring says args is the received arguments. So maybe args is a dictionary of arguments to check. The method would loop through each key-value pair in args and see if the value is in the choices for that key. But how does it know the available choices for each argument? The self must have access to some structure, like a dictionary where each key is an argument name and the value is a list or set of allowed choices.

Hmm, I should assume that the class has a 'choices' attribute. Let's say something like self.choices, which is a dictionary where each key is an argument name and the value is a list of valid choices for that argument. So for each arg in args, I need to check if the arg's name is in self.choices, and then if its value is in the choices list.

But what if an argument isn't present in self.choices? Maybe that's okay, since it's only checking the ones that have choices. Or perhaps the method is supposed to validate all arguments in args against their choices. So the first step is to iterate over each key-value pair in the args dictionary.

Wait, the function is called validate_choices_args, and the parameter is args. So the input is a collection of arguments. For each argument in args, we check if its value is in the allowed choices. But how to get the allowed choices for each argument? Probably from self.choices, so maybe each argument name is a key there. So the code structure would be:

for arg_name, arg_value in args.items():
    if arg_name in self.choices:
        if arg_value not in self.choices[arg_name]:
            raise some error or return a message?

But the problem is, what should the method do when a value is not valid? The docstring doesn't specify, but in Python, typically validation methods might raise an exception. So maybe we should raise a ValueError here, indicating which argument is invalid and what the allowed choices are.

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to return a boolean indicating validity. But the docstring says "Check if value...", so perhaps it's supposed to perform the check and take action if invalid. Since the function is a method, maybe it's part of a class that handles validation, and it's supposed to throw an error when something is wrong.

Let me outline the steps again:

1. Iterate over each argument in args (the input dictionary).
2. For each argument name and its value, check if the name exists in self.choices.
3. If it does, check if the value is in the list of choices for that name.
4. If the value is not in the choices, raise an exception with a helpful message.
5. If all are valid, maybe the method just returns, or perhaps it's supposed to collect errors and raise at the end. But the docstring doesn't mention returning anything, so probably raising an exception immediately upon finding an invalid one is okay.

Wait, but the function's docstring says "Check if value of the given args is one of the available choices." The parameter args is the received arguments. So the method is to validate each of the args against their choices. So for each key in args, see if the value is in the choices list for that key. If any of them are not, then we need to signal an error.

So the code would look like this:

def validate_choices_args(self, args):
    for arg_name, arg_value in args.items():
        choices = self.choices.get(arg_name)
        if choices is not None and arg_value not in choices:
            raise ValueError(f"Argument '{arg_name}' has invalid value: {arg_value}. Allowed choices: {choices}")
    return True  # or maybe just return, since if it passed all checks, it's valid.

Wait, but maybe the method is part of a class where self.choices is a dictionary. Also, perhaps the function should check all arguments in args, but only those that have choices in self.choices. So if an argument isn't in self.choices, then it's not checked, or maybe it's considered valid by default? The docstring says "the given args" so maybe all args must be checked. But if an arg isn't in choices, perhaps that's an error too? Or maybe the choices only apply to certain arguments.

Hmm, the problem isn't entirely clear. The function's docstring says "Check if value of the given args is one of the available choices." So perhaps for each argument in the args, the method checks whether that argument's value is among the available choices (i.e., the choices that exist for that argument in the class's data). So if an argument isn't present in self.choices, then it's not required to have choices, so the check passes? Or maybe it's an error because there are no choices for that argument?

Probably the first approach: the method checks each argument in args against the choices in self.choices. If the argument isn't in self.choices, then it's okay, since there's no restriction. But if it is in self.choices, then the value must be in that list.

So the code would loop through each key-value pair in args. For each, check if the key is in self.choices. If it is, then check if the value is in the choices list. If not, raise an error.

Now, the code structure. Let me think of possible edge cases. What if self.choices is not a dictionary? Well, that's up to the class's design. The method can assume that self.choices is properly structured.

Another thing: the function may need to return something, but the docstring doesn't specify a return. Maybe it's supposed to return True if all are valid, or raise an exception otherwise. In that case, after checking all, return True. But in Python, if no exception is raised, then the function can just return, but the docstring says "check if value...", so maybe the method is just to perform the check and raise errors if needed, and not return anything. But perhaps the return is implied.

Alternatively, maybe the method is part of a larger validation system where if any check fails, it's handled by the caller, so raising an exception is the right approach. So, the method would loop through each argument, check if the value is in the choices for that argument, and raise an error if not.

So putting this together:

def validate_choices_args(self, args):
    for arg_name, arg_value in args.items():
        allowed = self.choices.get(arg_name)
        if allowed is not None and arg_value not in allowed:
            raise ValueError(f"Invalid value for '{arg_name}': {arg_value}. Allowed choices are {allowed}")

Wait, but the error message should probably mention that the value is not in the allowed choices. Let me make sure the message is correct. For example, if allowed is a list, then the message can include that list.

Alternatively, maybe the choices are stored as a list, so allowed would be a list. Then the message can display the allowed values.

Yes, that makes sense. So the code would be as above. But what if the choices are stored in a different structure? Like a set? Well, the 'in' operator works with both lists and sets, so it's okay.

Another thing: the function's parameter is called args. Are the arguments passed as a dictionary? The method's parameter name suggests that. The docstring says "the received arguments", so yes, args is a dictionary.

Wait, the function's name is validate_choices_args, which might imply that it's checking each of the arguments for their choices. So the code should loop through each argument in the args dictionary and perform the check.

So the code would be:

def validate_choices_args(self, args):
    for arg_name, arg_value in args.items():
        choices = self.choices.get(arg_name)
        if choices and arg_value not in choices:
            raise ValueError(f"Argument '{arg_name}' must be one of {choices}, but got {arg_value!r}")

Wait, but perhaps the choices could be None, so we have to make sure that the choices exist before checking. So, if choices is not None, then proceed. So the code would check if choices exists, and if so, check the value. If the choices don't exist, then perhaps the argument doesn't have any choices, so it's valid.

Alternatively, maybe if an argument is in args but not in self.choices, then it's considered invalid. But the docstring says "available choices" which implies that only arguments that have choices are checked. So the method is only concerned with arguments that have a list of choices. So for those, check their values. For others, do nothing.

Therefore, the code should loop through each arg in args, check if the arg name is in self.choices. If it is, then check the value is in the choices. If not, raise an error.

Wait, in the code above, using 'choices = self.choices.get(arg_name)', so if the key isn't present, choices would be None. So the code would skip those. So that's correct.

Now, what about the error message? The user might want to know which argument was invalid and what the allowed choices are. The message should include the argument name, the invalid value, and the allowed choices.

The docstring uses \n:param args: The received arguments. So that's clear.

Another possible consideration: what if the choices are stored as a set instead of a list? The code still works because 'in' is compatible with both.

So the code would be something like:

def validate_choices_args(self, args):
    for arg_name, arg_value in args.items():
        allowed = self.choices.get(arg_name)
        if allowed is not None and arg_value not in allowed:
            raise ValueError(f"Invalid value for '{arg_name}': '{arg_value}'. Allowed choices are: {allowed}")

Wait, but maybe the allowed is a list, so when printing, it's better to format it properly. The 'choices' would be a list or similar. The error message would need to show that.

Alternatively, using a formatted string with the allowed list. That's okay.

Now, I should make sure that the method is part of a class where self.choices is properly defined. Since the user hasn't provided that, the code is correct as per the given signature and docstring.

Another thought: perhaps the function is supposed to return the validated arguments, but the docstring doesn't mention that. Since it's a validation method, perhaps it's better to just raise an error and not return anything. The function's purpose is to check, so if all are valid, it just proceeds without error.

So the code should loop through each argument, and if any is invalid, raise an error. Otherwise, do nothing, or return a value. Since the docstring says "Check if...", and the function's name is validate_choices_args, maybe it's a helper method that's called to ensure the arguments are valid, and it raises an error if not. So it doesn't need to return anything, just exits normally if everything is okay.

Therefore, the code can be written as:

def validate_choices_args(self, args):
    for arg_name, arg_value in args.items():
        choices = self.choices.get(arg_name)
        if choices is not None and arg_value not in choices:
            raise ValueError(f"Argument '{arg_name}' has value '{arg_value}' which is not in the allowed choices: {choices}")

Wait, perhaps the error message should include the actual allowed choices. So in the message, we can list the allowed options. The code above does that. So that's good.

Alternatively, maybe the choices are stored in a different way. But given the problem's constraints, I think this is the correct approach.

So, the final code would look like this. Let me write it out properly.
