Okay, I need to generate Python code for the get_deprecated_args method based on the provided docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says it should return a dict with options which deprecate others, using options from self.spec_helper.iterate_option_specs(). 

Hmm, so the function is part of a class, given that it's a method with self as the first parameter. The goal is to find deprecated arguments. I remember that in some configuration systems, options can have a 'deprecated' key or a 'deprecates' key that indicates which other options they replace. So maybe each option spec from iterate_option_specs() has a property that lists which other options it deprecates. 

The function needs to loop through all the option specs provided by self.spec_helper.iterate_option_specs(). For each option, check if it has a 'deprecates' attribute or something similar. If it does, then add an entry to the dictionary where the key is the deprecated option and the value is the new option that replaces it. 

Wait, the docstring mentions options that deprecate others. So each option might have a list of other options that are now deprecated because of it. So the dict should map the deprecated options to the new ones. 

Let me think of the structure. Suppose each option spec from iterate_option_specs() is a dictionary. Maybe each has a 'name' and a 'deprecates' key. So for example, if an option called 'new_opt' has 'deprecates': ['old_opt1', 'old_opt2'], then the dict should have entries like 'old_opt1': 'new_opt', 'old_opt2': 'new_opt'.

So the steps would be:

1. Initialize an empty dictionary to hold the deprecated args.
2. Iterate over each option spec in self.spec_helper.iterate_option_specs().
3. For each option, check if the 'deprecates' key exists in its spec.
4. If it does, loop through each deprecated option in that list.
5. For each deprecated option, add an entry to the dictionary where the key is the deprecated option and the value is the current option's name.
6. Finally, return the dictionary.

Wait, but maybe the 'deprecates' is a list of options that this new option is deprecating. So each of those in the list are the keys, and the new option's name is the value. So the code would look like this.

Wait, but how exactly are the specs structured? The problem says to use self.spec_helper.iterate_option_specs(), which probably returns some kind of iterable of option specifications. Since I don't have the actual code for that, I have to make assumptions. Let's assume that each option spec is a dictionary with 'name' and possibly a 'deprecates' key that's a list.

So in code:

def get_deprecated_args(self):
    deprecated = {}
    for spec in self.spec_helper.iterate_option_specs():
        if 'deprecates' in spec:
            new_option = spec['name']
            for old_option in spec['deprecates']:
                deprecated[old_option] = new_option
    return deprecated

Wait, but the function is supposed to return a dict with options which deprecate others. The wording is a bit confusing. Maybe the keys are the new options, and the values are the lists of deprecated ones? Or maybe the other way around. The docstring says "options which deprecate others", so perhaps each entry in the dict is the new option that replaces the deprecated ones. So the key would be the deprecated option, and the value the new one. That makes sense, like a mapping from deprecated to the new.

Yes, that's the standard way. So the code above should work. Let me check again. The function returns a dict where each key is a deprecated option, and the value is the new option that deprecates it. So for each spec, if it has a 'deprecates' list, each item in that list is a deprecated option. So the new option's name is the value, and the old ones are the keys. 

Alternatively, maybe the 'deprecates' key holds the name of a single option. But the docstring says "options which deprecate others", plural. So probably the 'deprecates' is a list. 

Another thing to consider: maybe the option specs can have a 'deprecated_by' key instead. But the docstring says "options which deprecate others", so the new option is the one that is deprecating the old ones, so the 'deprecates' key in the new option's spec would list the old ones. 

So the code seems correct. Let me think if there are edge cases. What if a spec's 'deprecates' is not a list? Maybe it's a single string. Then the code would loop through each character, which is wrong. So perhaps better to check if it's a list. But since the problem doesn't specify, maybe I can assume that 'deprecates' is a list. 

Alternatively, maybe the iterate_option_specs returns objects with attributes. Like, maybe each spec has a name and a deprecates attribute. Then the code would need to be adjusted to use . notation. But the problem's docstring says "options from self.spec_helper.iterate_option_specs()", so perhaps the specs are dictionaries. 

Assuming they are dictionaries, then the code should work. 

Wait, the function's return is described as a dict with options which deprecate others. So the keys are the deprecated options, and the values are the new options that replace them. 

Yes, that's the correct structure. So the code loops through each spec, checks for deprecates, and adds each old option as a key pointing to the new option. 

I think that's the correct approach. Let me write the code accordingly.
