Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function get_parser_option_specs based on the given docstring. Let's see, the function is supposed to get all the options for a specified command. The parameters are command_name, which can be like 'main', 'virsh', 'ospd', etc. The return is a list of all the command options.

Hmm, the function is part of a class, right? Since it's a method with self as the first parameter. So maybe the class has some stored options for different commands. The user hasn't provided the full context, so I should make some assumptions here.

Probably, the function would look up the command in a dictionary or some data structure that maps command names to their options. Let's think of a way to structure that. Maybe the class has a _command_options attribute which is a dictionary where each key is the command name and the value is a list of option specs.

So inside the method, I can check if command_name exists in _command_options. If it does, return the list. If not, maybe return an empty list or raise an error? The docstring says to return the list, so perhaps just return whatever is there, even if it's empty. Or maybe the function expects that the command exists, so maybe an error is better. But the docstring doesn't mention that, so maybe just return an empty list if not found.

Wait, the function's return is supposed to be the list of options. So the code might be something like:

def get_parser_option_specs(self, command_name):
    return self._command_options.get(command_name, [])

But maybe the options are stored in another way. Let me think again. The function's name suggests that it's part of a parser, maybe for command-line tools. So perhaps the class has a way to parse commands and their options. Alternatively, maybe the options are defined in a configuration or something similar.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to retrieve the options from a parser instance. Like, if using argparse, each command has its own subparser, and the options are the arguments added to that subparser. But how would the class store that? It might have a dictionary of subparsers, each associated with their options.

Wait, the function's docstring says it returns the list of all command options. So perhaps the options are stored as a list of tuples or dictionaries that specify each option's parameters. For example, each option could have a name, flags, type, etc.

Assuming that the class has a data structure that holds these specs, the code would be straightforward. Let's go with the first idea where there's a _command_options dictionary. The method just returns the list for that command name, defaulting to empty list if not found.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to build the specs from some other source. But without more context, the simplest approach is to have a predefined dictionary in the class.

Wait, perhaps the user expects that the method accesses some parser object's options. For instance, if using a library like argparse, each command's subparser has its own set of arguments. So to get the options, you might have to iterate over the parser's actions or something. But that's more complicated and requires knowing the internal structure of the parser.

Since the problem doesn't specify any particular library, maybe the code is just a stub. But the user wants the code that actually does the job based on the docstring. Let me think again. The function's purpose is to retrieve the options for the command, so the code must access some stored data.

Therefore, the code would be something like:

def get_parser_option_specs(self, command_name):
    return self.command_options[command_name]

But that would raise a KeyError if the command isn't present. To handle that, maybe use get with a default. Alternatively, the function might assume the command exists. The docstring's return says it returns the list, so perhaps the function expects the command to be valid. But the example parameters include possible names like main, virsh, etc., so maybe it's okay to return an empty list if not found.

Alternatively, maybe the function should raise an error when the command isn't found. The docstring doesn't specify, but the return is supposed to be the list. So perhaps we just return the stored options. Let me go with the first approach, using a dictionary and returning the list, defaulting to empty.

Wait, but in the code, maybe the options are stored in a dictionary called _command_options, so:

def get_parser_option_specs(self, command_name):
    return self._command_options.get(command_name, [])

That's concise and meets the requirements. The function's parameters and return type are clear. The code doesn't need to do anything else. I think that's the way to go here. Let me make sure that's all. The user wants the code without any explanations, just the code in markdown. So I'll present that.
