
Okay, I need to create a Python function called files_list_from_zipfile that takes a zip_path and returns the list of files in it. Let me think about how to do this.

First, I remember that Python has a zipfile module which can handle zip files. So I should use that. The function needs to open the zip file, read its contents, and extract the filenames.

Wait, the function is supposed to return the list of files, not extract them. So maybe I just need to list the files without extracting. Let me check the zipfile documentation. Oh right, there's a ZipFile class that can be used to read the zip file. When you open it, you can get the list of files by accessing the namelist() method. That should give all the filenames in the zip.

So the steps are: import zipfile, open the zip file in read mode, then get the namelist. But I need to make sure that the zip path is correct. Also, what if the zip file is password protected? The docstring doesn't mention that, so maybe the function doesn't handle passwords. Just proceed with standard reading.

Let me outline the code. The function will open the zip file, then return the list of names. So something like:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zip_ref:
        return zip_ref.namelist()

Wait, but what if the zip file is not accessible or doesn't exist? The function might throw an error. But the docstring doesn't mention error handling, so maybe it's not required. The user probably expects it to work assuming the path is valid.

So the code should be straightforward. Just use ZipFile to open the zip path, then get the namelist. That's the main part. Let me test this in my mind. If the zip is opened correctly, namelist() returns a list of all the files. Yes.

But wait, the ZipFile might have directories as well. The namelist includes all entries, including directories. But the question says "files", so maybe the user wants only files, not directories. Hmm, the docstring says "return the files in the given zip path." So perhaps I should filter out directories.

Wait, how to distinguish between files and directories in the namelist? Because in a zip file, each entry is a member, which can be a file or a directory. So maybe the user wants just the files, not the directories. But how to check that?

Alternatively, maybe the user considers any entry as a file, even if it's a directory. For example, in some contexts, directories are included in the list. But the function's name is files_list_from_zipfile, so perhaps it's intended to return only the files. However, the zipfile module's namelist includes all entries, including directories. So maybe the user wants that, or maybe they want to exclude directories.

But the docstring doesn't specify. Maybe the original intention is to return all entries, but the name is a bit misleading. Or perhaps the user wants only the files. Hmm. Well, perhaps the function should return all the entries, but the user can filter them if needed. Since the docstring doesn't mention filtering, maybe just return the namelist as is.

So the code would be as simple as that. Let me check if there's any other consideration. For example, the zip file might be a path to a zip archive, which is handled correctly by ZipFile. Also, the 'r' mode is for reading, which is correct.

So the code is:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    """
    Return the files in the given zip path.
    """
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zip_ref:
        return zip_ref.namelist()

But wait, maybe the user wants to handle cases where the zip file is not a real zip? Like, if it's a path that's not a zip file, this would throw an error. But again, the docstring doesn't mention error handling, so perhaps it's not needed.

So that's the code. Let me make sure there are no typos. The function is named correctly, the parameters are correct. The import is at the top. The with statement properly opens and closes the zip file. The return is the namelist. Yes, that should work.
