Okay, I need to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called is_valid and takes an argument identifier. The docstring says it should return True if the identifier is valid, but in this base implementation, it always returns True. The note (D) probably indicates that this is a placeholder or base class method that doesn't perform any checks.

So the user wants the code for the is_valid method. Since it's a base implementation that always returns True, I don't have to add any validation logic here. The function just needs to ignore the identifier and return True. 

Wait, but the function is inside a class, right? The signature starts with def is_valid(self, identifier). So it's an instance method. The identifier parameter can be of any type, but since it's a base class, maybe subclasses will override this method to add actual checks. 

The docstring says to return True, so the body should just be a return statement with True. Let me make sure I don't add any other logic. The user specified not to include explanations, just the code. So the code will be straightforward. 

Hmm, maybe I should check if there's any specific requirements I'm missing. The problem states to output only the code in Python, so I just need to write the function as per the given signature and docstring. 

Let me think of the structure. The function is part of a class, so inside the class, the method will take self and identifier. The docstring is provided, so I should include that exactly. The return is always True, so the code is simple.

Yes, the code would look like this:

def is_valid(self, identifier):
    """
    Return True if identifier is valid. In this base implementation, always return True.  (D)
    """
    return True

Wait, but in Python, the docstring is written under the function and preceded by triple quotes. So that's correct. The (D) might be a comment from the user, but it's part of the docstring here. I should include it as is. 

I need to make sure there are no typos. The function name is is_valid, parameters are self and identifier. The docstring is exactly as given. The return statement is just True. That's all. I think that's it. No other code needed here. The user wants only the code without any extra explanations, so I'll just present that.
