Okay, I need to generate Python code for the method check_digests_present_and_used based on the given docstring. The function is supposed to check that all digests in the manifest that are needed are both present and used, and then return an error from the class if there's a problem. 

First, I should figure out what parameters this method has. The parameters are manifest_files and digests_used. I assume manifest_files is a list or a dictionary containing the digests that are supposed to be present, and digests_used is a collection of the digests that are actually being used. 

The goal here is to verify two things: all required digests from the manifest are present, and each of them is used. Wait, maybe the manifest is the list of all digests that should be present, and digests_used is the set of those that are actually referenced or used. So the method needs to ensure that every digest in the manifest is accounted for in digests_used. 

Hmm, perhaps the manifest_files is a list of digests that are present, and digests_used is another list or set of digests that are used in some context. The method should check that every digest in the manifest is present (maybe that's already given?) and also that each one is actually used. Wait the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". Maybe "needed" refers to those that are used. So the check is that every digest in the used set is present in the manifest, and that all the digests in the manifest are actually used. Or maybe it's that all the digests in the manifest are present (so maybe they are stored somewhere else, but the parameter manifest_files might be the list of required ones) and that each of those required is in the digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the manifest_files contains all the digests that should be present, and digests_used is the set of digests that have been used. The method needs to check that every digest in manifest_files is present (maybe in some storage?), but the parameters might be structured differently. Wait the function signature is given as def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used). So the parameters are passed into the method. 

The key is that the method has to ensure that all the digests listed in the manifest_files are both present (maybe in another structure, but perhaps the parameter is a list of the digests that are present) and are used in the digests_used collection. Wait, maybe the manifest_files is the set of digests that are supposed to be present, and digests_used is the set of those actually used. The method needs to check that every digest in the manifest is present (so maybe they are stored elsewhere, but perhaps the manifest_files is the list of required digests) and also that each of them is in the digests_used. 

Wait the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". Maybe "needed" refers to the ones that are actually used. So the check is that for every digest in the manifest, if it's needed (i.e., used), then it must be present. Or perhaps the method is ensuring that all the digests present in the manifest are indeed used, so there's no digest in the manifest that isn't in the used set. 

Alternatively, maybe the problem is to check that every digest in the manifest is both present (maybe in some other data structure, but perhaps the parameter is the list of digests present) and that all those present are used. Wait, perhaps the parameters are structured such that manifest_files is a list of digests that should be present, and digests_used is a set or list of digests that are actually used. So the method must check that every digest in manifest_files is present (maybe in some other collection?), but the parameters might directly represent that. Or maybe the manifest_files is the list of digests that are present, and the 'needed' ones are those in digests_used. So the check is that all the needed (used) digests are present in the manifest, and that none of the manifest's digests are unused. 

Wait the docstring says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". Maybe "needed" is redundant here, implying that all the digests in the manifest must be present (i.e., exist) and also be used. So the method is to check that every digest in the manifest_files is present (maybe in some storage, but perhaps the presence is already ensured by the parameter being the list of existing ones), and also that each is in digests_used. 

Alternatively, perhaps the manifest_files is a list of all the digests that should be present, and digests_used is the list of digests that are actually being used. So the method needs to verify that every digest in the manifest is present (maybe in another structure, but perhaps that's already given via the parameter?) and also that each of those is in the digests_used. 

Wait the parameters are passed to the method, so perhaps the method's logic is to compare these two. Let me think: the method's purpose is to ensure that all the digests required by the manifest (so in manifest_files) are present (so maybe in another collection, but perhaps the manifest_files is the list of all present digests?), and that they are actually used (so in digests_used). 

Hmm, perhaps the manifest_files contains the digests that are present, and the digests_used contains the digests that are used. Then the check is that every digest in the manifest (so present) is also used, so that there are no unused digests. But the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". Maybe "needed" means that if a digest is in the manifest, it should be present (but maybe some are missing?), and also used. Wait, perhaps the manifest is the list of required digests, and the actual present digests are another set. But the parameters are given as manifest_files and digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is part of a class that has some stored data. The manifest_files could be a list of all digests that should be available, and digests_used is a collection of those that have been used. The check would then be that every digest in the manifest is present (maybe in the class's own data?) and also that every digest in the manifest is in digests_used. 

Wait the problem is to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. The docstring says: "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used. Return error() in the class." So perhaps the method is to check two things: 

1. All digests listed in the manifest are present (maybe in some storage, but perhaps the parameters are the manifest and the used ones). 

Wait maybe the parameters are the list of digests in the manifest (manifest_files) and the set of digests that have been used (digests_used). The method must check that every digest in the manifest is present (so maybe they are present in the system, but perhaps the parameters are such that the first is the list of digests to check, and the second is the ones that are used. So the check is that all the digests in the manifest are actually present (maybe in another structure, but perhaps that's not part of the parameters here). 

Alternatively, maybe the 'present' part is covered by the manifest_files being provided, and the check is that each digest in the manifest is also in the digests_used. So the method is to ensure that every digest in manifest_files is present in digests_used. 

Wait the wording is a bit confusing. The docstring says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". Maybe "needed" means that any digest in the manifest that is required must be both present (in the system) and used (in the application). But given the parameters, perhaps the method is supposed to check that every digest in the manifest_files is in the digests_used. 

Wait perhaps the parameters are: 

- manifest_files: a list of digests that are supposed to be present (maybe they are the ones that exist in the manifest file). 

- digests_used: a list or set of digests that are actually used. 

So the check is that every digest in manifest_files is present (maybe in the system's storage?), but the parameters don't include that. So maybe the method is part of a class that has access to the stored digests. Alternatively, maybe the parameters are the list of digests in the manifest and the list of digests that have been used. The method then checks that all the digests in the manifest are present (so in the system's available digests, perhaps stored elsewhere in the class), and also that each is used (so in digests_used). 

Alternatively, maybe the "present" part refers to being in the digests_used. Like, if a digest is in the manifest, it must be present in the digests_used. So the check is that the set of digests_used includes all the ones in the manifest. 

In that case, the method would compare the two parameters. 

Let me try to parse the docstring again. The goal is to "check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". The "needed" part might mean that any digest in the manifest that is required must be present (available) and also used. But perhaps the parameters are the manifest (list of digests) and the used ones. So the check is that for each digest in the manifest, it is present (maybe in some other collection) and also exists in the digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that all the digests in the manifest are present (so in the system's available digests) and that each of them is in the digests_used. 

But since the parameters are given as manifest_files and digests_used, perhaps the logic is to check that every digest in manifest_files is in digests_used, so that none are unused. 

Wait the function's name is check_digests_present_and_used. So maybe "present" refers to existence (like in the system) and "used" refers to being referenced. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the digests in the manifest are all present in the system (maybe stored in another structure) and that each is actually used (in the digests_used list). 

But since the parameters are provided, perhaps the method is to check that all elements in manifest_files are present in digests_used. 

Wait, maybe the 'present' part is redundant here. The method's parameters might have the manifest_files as a list of all the digests that should be present, and the digests_used is the list of those actually used. So the check is that the digests_used includes all the manifest_files, meaning that every digest in the manifest is indeed used. 

Wait that makes sense. The error would be if there's a digest in the manifest that isn't used. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that every digest in the manifest is present in some storage (so perhaps the method has access to that storage via self) and also that each is in the digests_used. 

But without knowing more about the class structure, I have to work with what's given. The function is supposed to return an error() in the class. So maybe the error is raised when any digest in the manifest is not in the digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the error is raised when a digest in the manifest is not present (so maybe missing in some storage) or is not in the used list. 

Wait the problem says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". The "needed" part could mean that the ones required (the used ones) must be present in the manifest and also actually used. 

Hmm, perhaps the method is to ensure that every digest in the manifest is present (so exists in some storage) and also that every digest in the manifest is used (so in the digests_used). 

Alternatively, perhaps the "present" part is that the digest exists in the system (like in a file system), and the "used" part is that it's in the used list. 

But given that the parameters are manifest_files and digests_used, maybe the method is supposed to check that all the digests listed in the manifest_files are present (maybe in the system's available digests) and also that each is in the digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the manifest_files is a list of all digests that are present, and the digests_used is a list of those needed. So the check is that all in the used list are present in the manifest. 

Hmm, the wording is a bit ambiguous, but given the parameters, perhaps the method is to check that every digest in the manifest_files is present (maybe in some other data structure) and also used (in digests_used). 

Alternatively, maybe the manifest_files is a list of the digests that should be present (so they need to be in some storage), and digests_used is a list of those that are actually used. So the method has to check that all the manifest's digests are present (so in the system's available digests) and also that all of them are used (so in the digests_used). 

But how to code this? Let's think of the simplest approach. Suppose the method's job is to check that every digest in the manifest_files is also in the digests_used. So the used set must include all the manifest's digests. 

In that case, the code would be something like:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

But maybe it's the other way around: check that all digests_used are present in the manifest_files. Because if a digest is used, it must be in the manifest. 

Wait the docstring says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". So the needed ones (the used ones) are the ones in the manifest, and they must be present (maybe in some storage) and also used. 

Alternatively, perhaps the "present" part refers to existence in the system. For example, the manifest lists digests that are needed, and each must be present (like on disk) and also be used (so not just present but actually utilized). 

But without more context, perhaps the parameters are the list of digests in the manifest (manifest_files) and the list of used ones (digests_used). The method must check that all the digests in the manifest are present (so perhaps in another collection, but maybe the parameter is the list of present digests?), but the parameters are given as two separate inputs. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is part of a class that has some digests stored, and the manifest_files is the list of required digests. The method would check that each required digest is present in the class's stored data and also in the used list. 

But given the parameters, maybe the problem is that the manifest_files is the list of all digests that are present (so they exist), and the digests_used is the list of those needed. Then the check is that all in the used list are present (so in manifest_files). 

Wait the wording is "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". So the digests in the manifest that are needed (so maybe the ones in the used list) must be present (so in the system?) and also used (so in the used list). That's a bit confusing. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to ensure that every digest in the manifest_files is both present (so exists in some storage) and is used (so in the digests_used). So the presence is checked against another source, but the parameters might not include that. 

Hmm, maybe the problem is to check that there are no digests in the manifest that are not used. So, the used digests must include all the manifest's digests. 

Wait the name of the method is check_digests_present_and_used. Maybe present refers to being in the manifest, and used refers to being in the digests_used. So the method checks that all the digests in the manifest are in the used set. 

In that case, the code would look for any digest in manifest_files that is not in digests_used. 

So, let's think of it like this: 

The required check is that every digest in manifest_files is present in the digests_used. 

Therefore, the code would loop through each digest in manifest_files, and if any is not found in digests_used, it would trigger an error. 

Alternatively, maybe the method also needs to check that the digests are present in some storage. But given the parameters, perhaps that's handled elsewhere, and here the parameters are the manifest's list and the used list. 

So, perhaps the code is:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

But maybe there's more to it. For example, if the manifest_files contains multiple entries, maybe duplicates, but that's probably not the case. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to check two things: that all digests in the manifest are present (maybe in another collection, like a list of available digests stored in the class), and also that all are used. 

Wait in that case, the method would first check that each digest in the manifest is present in the available digests (like stored in self.available_digests or something), and then also check that each is in the used list. 

But the parameters given are manifest_files and digests_used. So perhaps the first parameter is the list of digests that should be present (so required), and the second is the list of those actually used. 

Then, the check is that all required (manifest_files) are present (maybe in the system, but how?), and that all required are used. 

Wait the problem says to return an error() in the class. So maybe the error is part of the class's methods. 

Assuming that the error() method is part of the class, and that the check is that all the digests in the manifest are present (so they are in some available set) and also used (so in the digests_used). 

But given the parameters, perhaps the manifest_files is a list of all digests present in the system (so they are present), and the method checks that they are also used. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the digests_used are a subset of the manifest_files, meaning that all used digests are accounted for in the manifest. 

Wait that's another possible interpretation. The manifest contains all the digests that should be present, and the used ones must be among them. 

In that case, for each digest in digests_used, it should be in the manifest_files. 

Wait the wording is tricky. Let me read again: 

"Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used. Return error() in the class." 

The phrase "that are needed are present and used" could mean that each digest in the manifest which is needed (i.e., required) must be both present and used. 

Alternatively, maybe "all digests in the manifest that are needed (i.e., required to be present) must be both present and used". 

Hmm, perhaps the problem is that the manifest lists the digests that are present, and the digests_used are the ones that should be used. So the check is that all the digests in the manifest (so present) are indeed used (so in digests_used). 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that every digest in the manifest is both present in the system (so exists) and also used (so in the digests_used). 

But how would the code know if a digest is present? Maybe the manifest_files is a list of all the digests present, and the method checks that each of those is in the digests_used. 

Wait that would make sense. The method ensures that all the digests that are present (as per the manifest) are actually used. So if any digest in the manifest is not in the used list, that's an error. 

So the code would be: 

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

Alternatively, perhaps it's also checking that all the digests in the manifest are present in the system (like checking existence on disk, but that might require more code). Since the parameters are given, maybe the presence is already ensured by the manifest_files, so the code only needs to check that each is used. 

Alternatively, maybe the manifest_files is a list of all the digests that are supposed to be present, and digests_used is the list of those actually used. So the check is that all the digests in the manifest are present (so maybe they are all in the system's available digests, but the parameters don't include that), so perhaps the presence is not part of the parameters. 

Hmm, perhaps the problem's parameters are that manifest_files is the list of all digests that are present (so they are there), and the method needs to check that they are all used (so in digests_used). 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that all the digests in the manifest are both present (so in some storage) and also used (so in the used list). 

But given the parameters, maybe the code is supposed to check that every digest in the manifest_files is present in the digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that there are no digests in the manifest that are not used. 

Wait the name of the method is check_digests_present_and_used. So perhaps "present" refers to being in the manifest, and "used" refers to being in the digests_used. So the check is that all digests in the manifest are also in the used list. 

In that case, the code would loop through each digest in the manifest_files and see if they are in digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the method needs to check two things: 

1. All the digests in the manifest are present (so exist in some storage, perhaps represented by another parameter or a class variable). 

2. All the digests in the manifest are used (so in the digests_used parameter). 

But with the given parameters, perhaps the first part is not part of the parameters. Maybe the manifest_files are the list of digests that are present, and the digests_used are the ones that are needed. So the check is that all needed (used) digests are present (in manifest_files). 

So in that case, for each digest in digests_used, check if it's in manifest_files. 

Wait the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". So the needed ones are a subset of the manifest's digests, and each must be present (so in the system) and used. 

Hmm, I'm getting a bit stuck here. Let me think of possible code structures. 

The function is part of a class, so self has access to some error method. The function needs to return an error if any of the conditions are not met. 

Suppose the method needs to ensure that every digest in the manifest is both present (maybe in a list of available digests, but perhaps the first parameter is the list of digests in the manifest, and the second is the list of used ones). 

Alternatively, perhaps the manifest_files is a list of all the digests that should be present (so required), and the digests_used is the list of those actually used. The check is that all required digests are present (so exist in the system) and that each is used. 

But how to code that? The parameters don't include the available digests. Maybe the method is to check that the digests_used contains all the elements in the manifest_files. 

So, if the set of digests_used is a superset of the manifest_files, then it's okay. Otherwise, return an error. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the used digests are exactly those in the manifest. So, that there are no extra or missing. But the wording says "all that are needed are present and used", so maybe the needed ones are exactly the used ones, and they must be in the manifest. 

Hmm, perhaps the correct approach is to check that every digest in the manifest_files is present in the digests_used. 

So the code would loop through each digest in manifest_files, and if any is not in digests_used, then return the error. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that all the digests in the manifest are present (so maybe they are in a storage structure) and also used (so in the used list). 

But without knowing the class's internal state, perhaps the parameters are the two lists, and the method just ensures that all elements in manifest_files are in digests_used. 

Wait let's look at the docstring again. 

"Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used. Return error() in the class."

The key is "needed are present and used". So "needed" implies that they must be both present (so existing) and used (so referenced). 

If the manifest is the list of all digests that should be present, then the presence is already covered. The check is that they are also used. 

Alternatively, maybe the "present" refers to the existence in the system, and the "used" is that they are in the digests_used. 

But given that the parameters are manifest_files and digests_used, perhaps the code is comparing these two. 

Another possibility is that the method is to check that every digest in the manifest is present (so in some other collection, perhaps the first parameter is a list of filenames, and each filename has a digest, but the parameter digests_used is the set of digests used). 

Alternatively, maybe the manifest_files is a list of the digests that are present, and the digests_used is the list of those that must be used. So the check is that all in the used list are present, and perhaps that all present are used? 

Wait the wording is "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". The needed ones are the ones that are required. So perhaps the needed digests are the ones in the digests_used. 

So for each digest in the digests_used, it must be present in the manifest_files. 

Wait that would make sense. The needed digests (the ones used) must all be present in the manifest (so they are accounted for in the list of required). 

In that case, the code would check that the digests_used is a subset of manifest_files. 

So, if any digest in digests_used is not in manifest_files, that's an error. 

Alternatively, maybe both: the manifest_files must be a subset of the used digests, meaning that all the manifest's digests are used, and also that the used digests are all present in the manifest. 

Wait that's a different scenario. 

Hmm, perhaps the problem is to check that all digests listed in the manifest are both present (so in the system's available) and used (so in the used list). 

But again, without more context, I have to make assumptions. 

Let me consider possible code. 

Assuming that the method is supposed to ensure that every digest in the manifest_files is also in the digests_used list. So, the used list must include all the manifest's digests. 

Then, the code would iterate through each digest in manifest_files, check if it's in digests_used. If any is missing, return error. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method needs to check that there are no digests in the manifest that are not in the used list. 

Wait that's the same thing. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that all the digests in the used list are present in the manifest. 

That would be the opposite. 

The wording is a bit ambiguous. Let me parse it again. 

The function's purpose is to check that all digests in the manifest which are needed (i.e., required) are present (so exist) and used (so actually referenced). 

The return is an error if that's not the case. 

Assuming that the "present" part is already handled, perhaps the method is to check that all required (needed) digests in the manifest are used. 

But how to get the needed ones? 

Alternatively, maybe "needed" is redundant, and the check is that every digest in the manifest is present (so exists in some storage) and also used (so in the used list). 

So perhaps the code is: 

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

But perhaps the method is supposed to first check that all the digests in the manifest are present (like in a file system) and then that they are used. 

But since the parameters are given, maybe the manifest_files is a list of the digests present, and the used list must include them all. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the digests_used is a superset of the manifest_files. 

Wait the wording is "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". Maybe the "needed" is the same as the used, so all the used digests must be present in the manifest. 

Wait, that's another interpretation. 

Suppose that the "needed" digests are those that are used. So the check is that any digest used (in digests_used) must be present in the manifest_files. 

So, for each digest in digests_used, it must be in the manifest_files. 

In that case, the code would loop through each digest in digests_used and check if it exists in the manifest_files. 

So, 

for digest in digests_used:
    if digest not in manifest_files:
        return self.error()

But the function's name is check_digests_present_and_used, so maybe the presence is checked first (i.e., that the digests in the manifest are present in the system, and then that they are used). 

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to check that the manifest contains all the digests that are used, and that there are no extra digests in the manifest. 

Hmm. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to ensure that all digests in the manifest are used (so in the used list) and that there are no digests in the used list that are not in the manifest. 

Wait that would mean the two lists must be exactly the same. 

But the wording is "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

Alternatively, perhaps "present" here is redundant, and the check is that all needed (used) digests are in the manifest. 

So the error would be if any digest in the used list is not in the manifest. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that every digest in the manifest is present (so in a storage system) and also used (so in the used list). 

In that case, the code would need to check two conditions for each digest in the manifest: 

- it is present (maybe in some other structure, but perhaps the parameter manifest_files is the list of digests present, so that's redundant?), 

- and also in the used list. 

Wait perhaps the parameter manifest_files is the list of digests that are present (so they exist), and the method checks that each of those is also in the used list. 

So the error is if any digest in the manifest (present) is not used. 

So the code would be:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to check that the used digests are exactly the ones in the manifest. 

In that case, the code would check that the two sets are equal. 

But the wording isn't clear. 

The problem says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

Another approach: the phrase "that are needed" modifies "digests in manifest", so the check is for those digests in the manifest which are needed (i.e., required to be present and used). 

Wait maybe the needed digests are a subset of the manifest, and each must be present (so in the system) and used (so in the used list). 

But again, without knowing the class's structure, perhaps the parameters are the manifest's digests and the used ones. 

Assuming that the method needs to verify that every digest in the manifest is used, then the code would loop through each digest in manifest_files and check if it's in digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that all the digests in the manifest are present (in another collection) and that each is also used. 

But given the parameters, perhaps the first parameter is the list of digests in the manifest (so required), and the second is the list of used ones. 

The check is that all required (manifest) digests are present (maybe in the system's available digests, but perhaps that's not part of the parameters here). 

Wait the problem says to return an error if the condition is not met. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the digests_used includes all the digests in the manifest, so that no digest is missing. 

So, the code would check if set(digests_used) contains all the elements in manifest_files. 

Wait, but in that case, the error would be if any digest in manifest_files is not in the used list. 

So the code would loop through each digest in the manifest_files and see if it's in the digests_used. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that there are no extra digests in the manifest that are not used, so the used list must include all of them. 

Yes, that seems plausible. 

So, the code would check for any digest in the manifest_files that is not in the digests_used. 

Therefore, the code could be something like:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

Alternatively, maybe the method also checks that all the digests in the used list are present in the manifest. 

But the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

Hmm, perhaps the needed digests are those in the used list, so for each digest in the used list, it must be present in the manifest. 

Wait that would be a different check. 

So, the error would be if any digest in the used list is not in the manifest_files. 

In that case, the code would loop through the used digests and check if they are in the manifest. 

But which way is correct? 

The function's name is check_digests_present_and_used. The first part of the name suggests checking presence. 

So perhaps "present" here refers to being present in the system (like stored), and "used" means being in the used list. 

But given the parameters, maybe the first parameter is the list of digests present (manifest_files), and the second is the list of used ones. 

Then the check is that all used digests are present in the manifest_files. 

Wait that would make sense. 

So the method ensures that the used digests are all accounted for in the manifest. 

In that case, the code would loop over each digest in digests_used and check if it exists in manifest_files. 

So:

for digest in digests_used:
    if digest not in manifest_files:
        return self.error()

But the wording in the docstring is "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

So the needed ones (the used digests) are the ones that are in the used list. 

The "digests in manifest that are needed" would be the intersection of the manifest and the used list. 

Wait, perhaps the correct approach is that for every digest in the manifest that is needed (i.e., required to be present and used), they must be present and used. 

But maybe the needed digests are exactly those in the used list, so the check is that every digest in the used list is present in the manifest (so present) and also used (which they are by definition). 

Hmm, perhaps the error is when a digest in the used list is not present in the manifest. 

Alternatively, the method could check that the used digests are a subset of the manifest (so present in the manifest) and that all the manifest's digests are used. 

Wait that would require both checks. 

So:

if not (set(digests_used).issuperset(manifest_files) and set(digests_used).issubset(manifest_files)):
    return self.error()

Wait no, that's checking equality. 

Alternatively, the method needs to ensure that every digest in the manifest is used (so in the used list) and that every digest in the used list is present in the manifest. 

That would mean that the two sets are exactly the same. 

So, the code would check that the set of manifest_files and digests_used are equal. 

But the wording isn't that clear. 

Alternatively, the method is to check that all the digests in the manifest are present (so exist in some storage, but perhaps the first parameter is a list of their names, and presence is checked via another method), and also used. 

Wait, perhaps the manifest_files is a list of filenames (each filename has a digest?), and digests_used is a set of digests. 

In that case, maybe the code would extract the digests from the manifest_files (like by parsing the filenames or looking up their digests) and then check that each of those is in the digests_used. 

But without knowing how the manifest_files are structured, that's hard to code. 

Alternatively, maybe the manifest_files is a list of digests that are present, and the method checks that all of them are used. 

So, the error is if any digest in the manifest isn't in the used list. 

In that case, the code would loop through each digest in manifest_files, and if any is not in digests_used, return error. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that the digests_used contains all the required digests from the manifest, but also that there are no extra digests in the manifest. 

Hmm, I think the most straightforward interpretation given the parameters is that the manifest_files is a list of digests that should be present (maybe in the system) and the digests_used is the list of those actually used. 

Therefore, the check is two-fold:

1. All digests in manifest_files are present (so maybe they exist in the system, but how to check that? The parameter might be the list of digests present, so perhaps the first part is redundant. Maybe the method is only checking that they are used.)

2. All those digests are also used (so in the used list). 

If the first part is already satisfied (since the manifest_files represents the present ones), then the code would check that every digest in the manifest is in the used list. 

Alternatively, perhaps "present" is part of the check, so the method has to verify that each digest in the manifest is present in some storage (like a directory) and also used. 

But without access to external data, the parameters might need to be adjusted. 

Alternatively, perhaps the "present" part is that they are in the manifest_files, so the code only needs to check that all of them are in digests_used. 

In that case, the code would be:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that each digest in the used list is present in the manifest. 

Like, the used digests must be a subset of the manifest's digests. 

So the error would be if any digest in the used list is not in the manifest_files. 

So code would be:

for digest in digests_used:
    if digest not in manifest_files:
        return self.error()

Hmm, the function's name is check_digests_present_and_used. 

The first part "present" could mean that the digests in the manifest are present in the system, but perhaps that's not part of the parameters. 

Alternatively, maybe "present" refers to being in the manifest, and "used" refers to being in the used list. 

Therefore, the method checks that all the digests in the manifest are also in the used list. 

So the code is as first thought. 

But to make sure, let's see the wording again. 

The function's purpose is to check that all digests in the manifest that are needed are both present and used. 

The "needed" part might mean that those which are required are both present and used. 

Alternatively, maybe the needed digests are those in the used list, so the method checks that each digest in the used list is present in the manifest. 

Wait that would mean that the used digests must be present in the manifest. 

So, for example, if the used list has a digest that's not in the manifest, that's an error. 

Alternatively, the other way around. 

Hmm, maybe the correct approach is that the method is to ensure that every digest in the manifest is used, so no digests in the manifest are unused. 

Thus, the code would be:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

Alternatively, if the method is to check that all used digests are present in the manifest (so that they are accounted for), then the code would loop through the used digests. 

The problem is the exact wording. 

"Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." 

So the needed ones are a subset of the manifest. 

Wait, the structure is: for each digest in the manifest that is needed (i.e., required), ensure that it is both present (so exists in the system) and used (so in the used list). 

But without knowing where presence is checked, perhaps the parameters are such that the manifest_files contains the digests present, so the check is that they are all used. 

Alternatively, perhaps "present" is redundant here, and the check is that all needed digests (those in the used list) are in the manifest. 

Hmm. 

Since I have to write the code, maybe the method is supposed to check that every digest in the manifest is present in the used list. 

So the code would loop over each digest in the manifest, check if it's in the used list. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that there are no digests in the used list that are not in the manifest. 

The wording is a bit ambiguous, but I think the first interpretation is better: the method needs to ensure that all the digests in the manifest are used. 

Thus, the code would look for any digest in manifest_files that is not in digests_used, and return an error if found. 

But I need to make sure that I'm not missing anything. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that the used digests are a subset of the manifest, and that all the manifest's digests are present (maybe in another collection). 

Wait but the parameters are manifest_files and digests_used. 

Perhaps the method is to check that all the digests in the manifest are both present (so in the system) and used (so in the used list). 

But how to check presence? Maybe the manifest_files is a list of the digests present, so that part is already okay. 

Wait maybe manifest_files is a list of the digests that are present, and the "needed" ones are those in the used list. 

So the check is that all the needed (used) digests are present (so in the manifest_files). 

Therefore, the code would loop through the used digests and check they are in the manifest. 

In that case, the code would be:

for digest in digests_used:
    if digest not in manifest_files:
        return self.error()

But the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

Wait, that's a bit confusing. 

Alternatively, perhaps "present" and "used" are both conditions for each digest in the manifest. 

So for each digest in the manifest, it must be present (maybe in the system) and also used (so in the used list). 

If the manifest_files is the list of digests in the manifest, and the digests_used is the list of used ones, then the code would check each digest in the manifest is in the used list. 

But perhaps the presence is checked via another method. 

Alternatively, maybe the presence is already handled by the manifest_files parameter, so the only check needed is that each is in the used list. 

Therefore, the code would be as above. 

Alternatively, maybe the method also needs to check that each digest in the manifest is present in some storage, which is represented by the first parameter. 

Wait that might not make sense. 

Hmm, perhaps the function is part of a system where the manifest lists the available digests, and the used ones must all be in the manifest. 

So the check is that all used digests are present in the manifest (so they are valid), and that there are no unused digests in the manifest. 

Wait that would require two checks: 

1. All used digests are in the manifest (so the used list is a subset of the manifest). 

2. All manifest digests are in the used list (so they are all used). 

So the combined check is that the two lists are exactly the same. 

Therefore, the code would compare the sets of both parameters. 

If set(manifest_files) != set(digests_used), then return an error. 

Wait but the wording is "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

The needed ones are those in the used list. 

So the digests in the manifest that are needed (i.e., the used ones) must be present in the manifest and also used. 

Wait that's redundant. 

Alternatively, the method ensures that every digest in the manifest is both present (so exists in the system) and used (so in the used list). 

But how to check presence? 

Maybe the first parameter is a list of the digests present, and the second is the used ones. 

Then, the check is that all the present digests are used. 

Wait then the code would loop through the manifest_files (the present) and check if each is in the used list. 

So that's the same as the first code idea. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that all the needed (used) digests are present in the manifest, and also that they are actually used. 

The second part is redundant, so the check is that the used digests are all in the manifest. 

Hmm, given the ambiguity, perhaps the code is supposed to check that all the digests in the manifest are in the used list, so the error is when any manifest digest is not used. 

Alternatively, maybe the method checks that the used list contains all the digests from the manifest, so the used list is a superset. 

Wait the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

If "needed" means required to be present and used, then perhaps the method is to check that every digest in the manifest is both present (maybe in the system) and also in the used list. 

But again, without knowing where presence is checked, perhaps the parameters are such that the first is the list of all digests present, and the second is the list of used ones. 

In that case, the check is that the used list includes all of them. 

Alternatively, perhaps the first parameter is a list of the digests that are in the manifest (so needed), and the second is the list of those actually used. 

So the check is that all the needed (manifest) digests are used. 

Therefore, the code would iterate over the manifest_files, and if any isn't in digests_used, return error. 

So the code would be something like:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

Alternatively, maybe using sets for efficiency. 

But the problem says to return error() in the class. 

So the code should loop through each digest in the manifest, check if it's in the used list. 

If any is missing, return the error. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that every digest in the used list is present in the manifest (so they are valid), but not necessarily that all the manifest's digests are used. 

In that case, the code would loop through the used list and check against the manifest. 

But the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

Hmm, maybe "present" refers to being present in the used list. 

Wait that's possible. 

The method's name is check_digests_present_and_used, so perhaps "present" in the method's context refers to being in the manifest, and "used" refers to being in the used list. 

Therefore, the method checks that every digest in the manifest (so the first parameter) is also in the used list (the second parameter). 

So the code would loop through manifest_files and check for inclusion in digests_used. 

If any is missing, return error. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to ensure that there are no digests in the manifest that aren't used. 

Yes, that's the same thing. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the used digests are all in the manifest and that the manifest's digests are all used. 

So the two sets must be equal. 

In that case, the code would check:

if set(manifest_files) != set(digests_used):
    return self.error()

But that might not be the case. 

The problem says "all ... that are needed are present and used". 

Maybe the "present" part is redundant, and the check is that all needed (i.e., used) are present (so in the manifest). 

So the code would check that the used list is a subset of the manifest. 

Thus, for each digest in digests_used, it must be in manifest_files. 

But then the method's name is check_digests_present_and_used, so maybe the first part is about the presence in the manifest, and the second part is about being used (so the used list must include them). 

Wait that's confusing. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that all the digests listed in the manifest are both present (in the system) and also used (so in the used list). 

Assuming that the manifest_files is the list of all digests present (so present in the system), and digests_used is the list of those used, then the check is that all in the manifest are in the used list. 

Thus, the code would be:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

Alternatively, maybe the first parameter is the list of digests required by the manifest (so needed), and the second is the list of those present and used. 

But then the check would be that the required digests are a subset of the used ones. 

Hmm. 

Given that the problem says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used", perhaps "needed" is a subset of the manifest. 

But without knowing how "needed" is determined, maybe the method is to check that all the digests in the manifest are used, so that none are left unused. 

Thus, the code would loop through each digest in the manifest and check if it's in the used list. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the used digests are all in the manifest (so present there) and also that they are used. 

But the used list is the one passed in, so that part is redundant. 

Hmm. 

The most straightforward interpretation given the parameters is that the method ensures that every digest in the manifest_files is also present in the digests_used list. 

Thus, the code would be as follows. 

Wait, but perhaps the method should also check that the used digests are a subset of the manifest's. 

Wait the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

So the needed ones are a subset of the manifest. 

The 'present' here might mean that they are in the system's available digests (maybe represented by the first parameter), so the check is that the needed (used) are present (so in the first parameter) and also used (so in the second parameter). 

Wait that's circular. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that every digest in the manifest is present in the system (so in some other structure, but perhaps the first parameter is a list of the digests in the manifest, and the second is the used ones. 

Then the presence check is not done here, but the used check is. 

Hmm, perhaps the error is raised when any of the manifest's digests are not in the used list. 

So the code would look for any such digest. 

Another point: the method returns the error() function. 

Wait, in Python, if you return a function, you might need to call it. 

But the docstring says to return error() in the class. 

Wait, perhaps the error() is a method that returns an error message or an exception. 

So the code would return self.error(), which presumably raises an error. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check both conditions and return an error if any digest in the manifest is not used. 

So, the code would be:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error()

Alternatively, maybe the method should check that all the digests in the used list are present in the manifest (so they are valid), and also that all the manifest's digests are used. 

Thus, the two conditions are: 

1. All used digests are in the manifest. 

2. All manifest's digests are in the used list. 

Which is equivalent to the sets being equal. 

Therefore, the code would check if the sets are equal. 

So:

if set(manifest_files) != set(digests_used):
    return self.error()

But that's a different approach. 

The problem says "all ... that are needed are present and used". 

If needed is the used list, then the check is that the used list is exactly the same as the manifest. 

Hmm, maybe that's the case. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to ensure that every digest in the manifest is present in the system (maybe via checking if they exist in another structure) and also used. 

But without knowing the class's internal structure, perhaps the parameters are the manifest and the used list, and the method checks that the used list includes all of the manifest. 

Therefore, the code would be:

if not all(digest in digests_used for digest in manifest_files):
    return self.error()

Alternatively, using a set: 

missing = set(manifest_files) - set(digests_used)
if missing:
    return self.error()

Yes, that's better. 

So, converting both to sets, subtract the used from the manifest, and if there are any elements left, that means those are missing from the used list, so return an error. 

The function's name is check_digests_present_and_used, so maybe "present" refers to being in the manifest, and "used" means being in the used list. 

Thus, the code would be as above. 

Alternatively, maybe the method needs to check that the used digests are all in the manifest (so they are present in the system's available list), and also that they are actually used (so they are in the used list). 

Wait that's redundant. 

Hmm. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the used digests are a subset of the manifest (so they are present in the system) and also that all the manifest's are used (so no leftovers). 

So the code would check both subset and superset conditions. 

Like:

if not (set(digests_used).issubset(manifest_files) and set(digests_used).issuperset(manifest_files)):
    return self.error()

But that's the same as checking if the sets are equal. 

Alternatively, maybe the presence check is that the manifest's digests are present in some storage, but the parameters don't include that. 

So perhaps the presence part is not part of this method's responsibility. 

Given the parameters, I think the correct approach is to ensure that all digests in the manifest_files are in the digests_used. 

So, the code would check for any digest in the manifest that's not in the used list. 

Thus, the code would be:

missing = set(manifest_files) - set(digests_used)
if missing:
    return self.error()

But perhaps the parameters are lists, so converting them to sets is better for checking. 

Wait, but what if there are duplicates in the parameters? Like, if a digest is in the manifest multiple times but not in the used list. 

Probably, duplicates don't matter here, so using sets is okay. 

Alternatively, the method could check each element one by one. 

But using sets is more efficient. 

Therefore, the code would look for any digests in manifest_files that are not in digests_used. 

So, that's the approach. 

Now, the function needs to return an error if there's any missing. 

But what does the error() method do? Presumably it returns an error message or raises an exception. 

In any case, the code would have to call self.error() and return it. 

Putting it all together:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    missing = set(manifest_files) - set(digests_used)
    if missing:
        return self.error()

Wait, but maybe the error() method requires an argument, like the missing digests. 

But the docstring doesn't mention that. 

Alternatively, the method just needs to return the error if any are missing, so the code would be as above. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is supposed to check that every digest in the used list is present in the manifest. 

Then, the code would be:

if not set(digests_used).issubset(manifest_files):
    return self.error()

But the wording is ambiguous. 

The problem says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

The "that are needed" part might imply that the needed digests are those in the used list, so for all those in the used list, they must be present in the manifest (so present) and also used (so they are in the used list). 

But the "used" part is redundant here. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method's name is a bit of a misnomer, and the real check is that the used digests are all in the manifest. 

In that case, the code would check that the used digests are a subset of the manifest. 

But the wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used", so the needed ones are a subset of the manifest, and they must be present (so in the system) and also used (so in the used list). 

Hmm, maybe I'm overcomplicating. 

Let me think of possible test cases. 

Suppose manifest_files = ['a', 'b', 'c'], and digests_used = ['a', 'b']. 

Then, 'c' is in the manifest but not used, so the method should return an error. 

Alternatively, if the needed are the used ones, then the method should check that all used are present in the manifest. 

In this case, if the manifest has 'a' and 'b', but the used list has 'a', 'b', 'c', then the 'c' is not in the manifest, so that's an error. 

But the wording is unclear. 

The function's name is check_digests_present_and_used. 

Perhaps "present" means in the manifest, and "used" means in the used list. 

So the check is that all the manifest's digests are in the used list. 

Therefore, the code would do that. 

Alternatively, maybe the presence is about being present in the system's storage, and the used list is the ones actually used, so the method must ensure that all the ones in the used list are present in the system (manifest_files) and also that there are no unused ones. 

So, the used list must be exactly the same as the manifest. 

Hmm. 

Given that the problem is to generate the code based on the function signature and the docstring, perhaps the correct code is to check that all elements in the manifest_files are present in the digests_used. 

So the code would be:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    for digest in manifest_files:
        if digest not in digests_used:
            return self.error()
    return None  # or some success value?

Wait, but the method is supposed to return the error() in the class. So perhaps the error() method is called when there's a problem. 

Wait the function's return is the error() method's return. 

Alternatively, maybe the method should return the error, which is presumably a method that returns an error message. 

So the code would loop through each digest in manifest_files, check if it's in digests_used. 

If any is missing, call self.error() and return it. 

If all are present, return something else? Or maybe the method is supposed to return an error only if there's a problem, otherwise return None or something. 

But the docstring says to return error() in the class. 

Wait perhaps the method returns the result of error(), which is presumably an error object or a boolean indicating an error. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to return an error if any are missing, else return something else. 

But the problem says to return error() in the class. 

Hmm, maybe the error() method is a function that raises an error, so the code would just return that. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is part of a validation system, and the error is returned if there's an issue. 

Assuming that the method must return an error (like a string or an exception) when there's a problem, and otherwise return something else. 

But the docstring says to return error() in the class, so perhaps the method just returns the error() function's result. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method returns True or an error. 

But since the problem says to return error() in the class, perhaps the code just returns self.error() when there's a discrepancy, else maybe returns None. 

But the code must return the error() result when there's an issue. 

So, in the code, if any digest is missing, return self.error(), else return something. 

Wait, but the method's return type isn't specified. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to return the error() if there's a problem, and otherwise return nothing. 

Alternatively, perhaps the error() is a method that raises an exception, so the code would call it and return. 

Wait, but in that case, the code would just raise the error. 

Hmm, perhaps the error() method is part of the class and returns an error message. 

So, the code would check if any digest is missing, and if so, return the error. 

Therefore, the code would be something like:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    missing = set(manifest_files) - set(digests_used)
    if missing:
        return self.error()
    return None  # or maybe returns something indicating success?

But the docstring says "Return error() in the class." So perhaps the error() is a function that returns an error object. 

Alternatively, maybe the method returns the error() only when there's a problem, otherwise returns nothing. 

Wait, in Python, if a function doesn't return anything, it returns None by default. 

So, the code would check for missing, and if found, return self.error(). 

Otherwise, perhaps it returns None. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to return a boolean, but the problem says to return error() in the class. 

Assuming the error() is a method that returns an error, perhaps the code just returns it when there's an issue, and otherwise returns nothing. 

Wait, the problem's exact wording is: "Return error() in the class." 

So, the method must return the result of calling self.error() when there is an error. 

But in that case, the code would need to call self.error() and return that. 

But how does the error() method know what to return? 

Maybe the error() method constructs an error message based on the missing digests. 

Alternatively, perhaps the error() method is a predefined function in the class that returns an error when called, so the code just calls it and returns the result. 

In any case, the code's logic is to check for any discrepancy and return the error. 

So the code could be written as: 

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    for digest in manifest_files:
        if digest not in digests_used:
            return self.error()

    return None

Alternatively, using a set difference approach. 

But the problem says to output only the code, in Python markdown format, without any explanations. 

So I'll proceed with the loop approach. 

Wait, perhaps the code should check that all the digests in the manifest are in the used list. 

Therefore, the code would loop through each digest in manifest_files, check if it is in digests_used. 

If any is not, return the error. 

Otherwise, return nothing (or some success indicator). 

So the code would be:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    for digest in manifest_files:
        if digest not in digests_used:
            return self.error()

Wait, but maybe the parameters are lists, and converting to sets is better. 

Alternatively, perhaps the method is to check that the used digests are a subset of the manifest, but that's not what the wording implies. 

The wording says "all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used". 

The needed ones are part of the manifest, so they should be in the used list. 

So the code must check that the manifest's digests are all in the used list. 

Thus, the code is as above. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is to check that the used digests are all present in the manifest (so they are allowed), and that all the manifest's are used. 

In that case, the code would check both conditions. 

So:

used_set = set(digests_used)
manifest_set = set(manifest_files)

if not (used_set.issubset(manifest_set) and manifest_set.issubset(used_set)):
    return self.error()

But that requires the two sets to be exactly the same. 

Alternatively, the first part (used subset of manifest) ensures that nothing is used that's not in the manifest, and the second part (manifest subset of used) ensures that nothing in the manifest is unused. 

So the combined check is that they are equal. 

But the problem's wording isn't clear on that. 

Hmm, given that the method's name is check_digests_present_and_used, perhaps the first part is to check presence (in the manifest) and the second part to check that they are used. 

Wait maybe "present" means that they exist in the system (like files are present), and "used" means that they are used in the application. 

But without more info, I'll proceed with the first approach where the method checks that every digest in the manifest is used. 

Thus, the code would loop through each digest in manifest_files, check if it's in digests_used. 

If any is missing, return error. 

So the code would be:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    for digest in manifest_files:
        if digest not in digests_used:
            return self.error()
    return None

Alternatively, using a set for efficiency:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    used = set(digests_used)
    for digest in manifest_files:
        if digest not in used:
            return self.error()
    return None

Yes, that's better. 

Alternatively, the code could check if the set difference is empty. 

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    missing = set(manifest_files) - set(digests_used)
    if missing:
        return self.error()
    return None

This would also work. 

Which one is better? 

Probably the set approach is more efficient, especially for larger lists. 

Therefore, I'll go with that. 

Now, the method must return the error() in the class. 

Assuming that the error() method is defined elsewhere in the class, and it returns an error message or raises an exception, this code will return it when there are missing digests. 

Otherwise, returns None. 

Yes. 

Therefore, the code is as written above. 

Wait but the problem says "Return error() in the class." 

Does that mean the method should return the error() result? 

Yes, so when there is a missing digest, return the result of self.error(). 

Otherwise, perhaps returns None or some success value. 

So the code is correct. 

Now, I should write the code exactly as per the function signature, using the parameters given. 

So here's the code:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    missing = set(manifest_files) - set(digests_used)
    if missing:
        return self.error()
    return None

Alternatively, perhaps the error() method requires arguments, but since the docstring doesn't mention it, I'll assume it doesn't. 

Alternatively, maybe the error() is a method that returns an error object, so the code just returns it. 

Alternatively, the method could be written as follows:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    for digest in manifest_files:
        if digest not in digests_used:
            return self.error()
    return None

Either way, using a for loop or a set difference. 

The problem might expect the set approach. 

I think that's the way to go. 

Thus, the code will be written using set difference. 

Wait, but maybe the parameters are lists, and converting to a set would lose duplicates. 

However, in the context of digests, each digest is unique, so that's okay. 

Therefore, the code is correct. 

Now, I need to output the code in Python markdown format. 

Wait the user said: 

"Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format. /think"

Wait, Python markdown format? Maybe they mean just the code in a code block. 

But the user might be referring to enclosing the code in triple backticks. 

Like:

```python
def ... 
```

But the user's instruction says to output only the code in Python markdown format, so that's probably it. 

So the code would be enclosed in triple backticks with the python language tag. 

Putting it all together:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    missing = set(manifest_files) - set(digests_used)
    if missing:
        return self.error()
    return None

Wait but maybe the error() is supposed to be called with some information about the missing ones. 

The docstring doesn't specify, so perhaps it's just called as is. 

Alternatively, perhaps the error() method is designed to be called without parameters, and the check itself is sufficient. 

So the code is okay. 

Alternatively, maybe the method returns the error() only when there's a problem, else returns something. 

But the problem says to return the error in the class. 

Therefore, the code is correct as written. 

I'll proceed with that.
