Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the method status_str based on the given docstring. Let's see. The function is an instance method, so it takes self and a prefix parameter with a default of empty string. The docstring says to return a string by visiting the sorted self.messages list. Each element in the list should be added with the prefix and the element itself. 

Hmm, first, I should sort self.messages. So I'll get a sorted version of that list. Then, for each element in the sorted list, I need to prepend the prefix and then the element. Wait, does "add prefix and the element" mean concatenating them? Like, prefix + element? Then all those concatenated strings should be joined into one big string. 

Wait, the exact wording is "each visit add prefix and the element". So maybe each line in the output string starts with the prefix followed by the message. So for each message in the sorted list, we create a string like prefix + message, and then combine all those lines. Probably with newlines between them? The docstring doesn't specify, but that's a common approach. 

Let me think of possible approaches. The method should return a string. So first, sort self.messages. Then loop through each message in the sorted list, and for each, create a line with prefix + message. Then join all those lines with newlines. 

Wait, maybe the messages are stored as a list of strings, so sorted(self.messages) would sort them lexicographically. Then, for each element in that sorted list, we add the prefix and the element. So the code would be something like:

def status_str(self, prefix=''):
    sorted_messages = sorted(self.messages)
    result = []
    for msg in sorted_messages:
        result.append(prefix + msg)
    return '\n'.join(result)

Or maybe using a list comprehension. Like:

return '\n'.join([prefix + msg for msg in sorted(self.messages)])

But I should make sure that the messages are sorted. The problem says "sorted self.messages list", so perhaps self.messages is a list that needs to be sorted. 

Wait the function's first step is to visit the sorted self.messages list. So the code must sort the list first. 

So the code would be as I thought. Let me check the docstring again. The return is a string made by visiting each element, adding the prefix and the element. So each element contributes a line with prefix + message. 

Yes, that seems right. Also, the method is part of a class, so self.messages is an attribute of the class. I don't need to handle any edge cases unless specified, but since the problem didn't mention any, I can proceed with the straightforward approach. 

Wait, what if the messages list is empty? Then the result would be an empty string, but with join, it would return an empty string. That's okay. 

I think that's all. So the code would be the list comprehension joined by newlines. Let me write it properly. The function should return the concatenation of each prefixed message. So the code is as above. Let me make sure to use the correct syntax. The method is inside a class, but the code doesn't need to know that. The user just provided the function signature, so the code should be written as per that. 

Yes, so the code is:

def status_str(self, prefix=''):
    return '\n'.join(prefix + msg for msg in sorted(self.messages))
