Okay, I need to write a Python function called _extract_number_and_supplement_from_issue_element. The function takes an 'issue' as an argument and should return possible values for 'number' and 'sup' based on its contents. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I should figure out what the 'issue' parameter is. Since it's called an issue element, maybe it's a string that represents an issue number, possibly with a supplement indicator. For example, something like "5", "3s1", "2suppl 4", or "7a". The goal is to parse that string into the main number and the supplement part.

Hmm, the function's docstring mentions returning possible values. So maybe there are multiple ways the issue could be structured, and the function should extract the number and any supplement markers. The return might be a tuple with the number and the supplement, or maybe a list of possible pairs if there are ambiguous cases?

Wait, the name of the function includes 'supplment'—probably a typo for 'supplement'. The function is supposed to extract the number and the supplement part. Let me think about common patterns in issue numbers with supplements. Sometimes they might be written as "5s1", "5suppl 1", "5a", etc. The supplement could be denoted by 's', 'suppl', 'supplement', or letters like 'a', 'b', 'c'.

So the plan is to parse the input string to find the main number and any supplement. Maybe split the string into parts where the number is first, followed by the supplement. But how to handle different formats?

Let me consider possible cases:

1. The issue is just a number, like "12". Then number is 12, sup is None or an empty string.
2. The issue has a number followed by 's' or 'suppl', then another number. Like "3s1" → number 3, sup 1.
3. Maybe the supplement is after a space: "5 suppl 1" → number 5, sup 1.
4. Sometimes letters like 'a' might be used: "7a" → number 7, sup 'a'? Or perhaps 'a' is part of the number? Like in "Vol 3a" but here it's an issue. Hmm, maybe need to split into numeric and non-numeric parts.

Alternatively, perhaps the function should look for the first number as the main issue number, and then the rest as the supplement. But that might not always be correct. For example, "12a" could be split into 12 and 'a', but "a12" would be different. However, in typical issue numbering, the main number comes first. So maybe the main number is the first sequence of digits, and the supplement is the remaining part after that.

Wait, but the function's name is "extract_number_and_supplement", so perhaps the supplement is a separate part. Maybe the supplement is any non-numeric part after the main number? Or maybe there's a specific pattern like 's' followed by a number.

Another approach: use regular expressions to find the main number and the supplement. Let's think of a regex that can capture the number and any supplement. The supplement might be something like [sS] followed by a number, or a letter, or words like 'suppl'.

Wait, maybe the supplement is represented by a letter followed by a number, like 's1', 'a2', etc. Or perhaps the supplement is a separate word. Let's see examples. For instance, in "3s1", the 's' indicates supplement, so the main number is 3 and the supplement is 1. In "5suppl 1", the main is 5, supplement 1. "2a" could be main 2, sup 'a', but maybe the 'a' is part of the supplement code.

Alternatively, maybe the supplement is any non-numeric characters followed by a number. Like, after the main number, there's a letter and then another number. But how to handle different cases?

Let me think of possible regex patterns. Maybe the main number is at the start, then some characters (the supplement) which may include letters and numbers. But perhaps the supplement is a combination of letters and numbers. For example, "5s1" would be main number 5, supplement 's1'? Or just the number after the 's' as the supplement. Hmm, the problem says "possible values of number and sup", so maybe sup is the supplement number, but how to extract it?

Alternatively, perhaps the function is looking to split the issue into the base number and any supplement indicator. So the supplement could be a letter followed by a number, or just a letter. For instance, in "5a", the supplement is 'a', but in "5s1", the supplement is 1. Wait, maybe the 's' is part of the supplement identifier, so the supplement number is 1 in that case. So the idea is to find the main issue number and then parse the supplement part if present.

Hmm, perhaps the regex can look for the first occurrence of a number, then capture the rest as the supplement. Let's try something like:

^(\d+)(.*)$

So the first group is the number, and the second is everything else. But then for "5a", the supplement would be 'a', and for "5s1" it's 's1'. But maybe the supplement is just the non-numeric part after the number? Or perhaps the supplement is the part after any letters indicating it's a supplement?

Alternatively, maybe the supplement is anything that comes after the main number, but needs to be parsed for its own number. Wait, but the problem states to return possible values. So perhaps the function is to find all possible candidates. Maybe the issue can have multiple parts, but the function should return the best possible split.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to extract the main issue number and any supplement code, which could be a letter or 's' followed by a number. Let's see:

Possible patterns:

- The main number is the first sequence of digits. The supplement is the next part, which might start with a letter (like 's', 'a', 'suppl', etc) followed by another number or just a letter.

Wait, maybe the supplement is indicated by a letter (like s, a, b) followed by a number. So for example, "3s1" → number 3, sup 1. "5suppl2" → number 5, sup 2. "7a" → number 7, sup 'a'? Or maybe the 'a' is part of the supplement code, so the sup would be 'a' or 'a2'? Hmm, but the problem says "supplement", which is a specific term. Maybe the supplement is the number following a certain indicator like 's' or 'suppl'.

Alternatively, maybe the supplement is any non-numeric part after the main number. So "5s1" would split into 5 and 's1', but perhaps the function wants to separate the supplement's identifier (like 's') and the number (1). So in that case, maybe the sup is 1, but how to get that?

Alternatively, perhaps the function just wants to split the issue into the main number and the supplement part, which can be anything else. So for "5s1", the main number is 5, and the supplement is "s1". For "5suppl1", it's 5 and "suppl1". But maybe the supplement is just the part after the first number, so we can capture that.

Alternatively, maybe the function is expecting to return the number as an integer and the supplement as a string, even if empty. For example, if there's no supplement, then sup is None or an empty string. But how to handle cases where the issue has letters before the number? Like "s5" — but in that case, maybe the main number is not present, so the function would return (None, "s5")?

Wait, the function's purpose is to extract possible values. So maybe the issue is structured such that the number comes first, followed by the supplement. So the first part is the main number, and the rest is the supplement. The function would return those two parts. But how to handle cases where the issue has other characters?

Let me think of possible examples:

Case 1: "12" → number is 12, sup is empty or None.

Case 2: "3s1" → number 3, sup 's1' or just 1? Or perhaps the 's' is part of the supplement identifier, so the supplement number is 1. So maybe the function needs to extract the first number as the main, then look for a supplement indicator (like 's' or 'suppl') followed by another number. But how to handle that?

Alternatively, perhaps the supplement is anything after the first number, but the function returns the main number and the supplement as a string. So in "3s1", the main is 3, sup is 's1'. But maybe the user wants to have the supplement as a number if possible, like in 's1' the 1 is the supplement number, so maybe 's' is part of the identifier, and the actual supplement number is 1. So maybe we can parse the supplement part further?

Hmm, the problem's docstring is a bit vague, so perhaps the function just needs to split the issue into the first number and the remaining part as the supplement. Let's go with that approach first.

So using regex: The first group is one or more digits, then the rest is the supplement.

The code could be something like:

import re

def _extract_number_and_supplement_from_issue_element(issue):
    match = re.match(r'^(\d+)(.*)', issue)
    if match:
        number_part = match.group(1)
        supplement = match.group(2).strip()
        return (number_part, supplement)
    else:
        # If no number found, maybe return empty for number?
        return (None, issue.strip())

Wait, but the function's name says "supplement", so maybe the supplement part is optional. Let me test some examples.

Testing "5a" → number_part is "5", supplement is "a".

"3s1" → "3" and "s1".

"7suppl 2" → "7" and "suppl 2".

But maybe the user wants the supplement to be just the part after the main number, even if it's not a number. So returning the string is okay.

Alternatively, maybe the supplement should be parsed for its own number, but that's more complex. Since the problem states to return possible values, perhaps the supplement is any remaining part after the number, so the code can be as above.

Wait, but what if the issue has multiple numbers? Like "5a2". Then the main number is 5, the supplement is 'a2', but maybe the supplement's number is 2. But the function's job is just to extract the first number and the rest as supplement.

Another example: "23a" → number is 23, supplement 'a'.

"12s" → number 12, supplement 's'.

"abc123s45" → no, because the first part isn't numeric. So in that case, the first match would be the first digits. Wait, the regex would start with ^(\d+), so in "abc123s45", there's no leading digits, so the else clause would return (None, "abc123s45").

Hmm, that might be okay. Let me see.

Wait the function is called with 'issue_element' which might be a string. So the code should process that string, find the first number, take that as the issue number, and the rest as supplement.

Alternatively, maybe the main number is the first sequence of digits, and the supplement is the next sequence of non-digits followed by digits, but that's more complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps the supplement is any letters followed by a number. So in "3s1", the supplement is 1, but in "5a", the supplement is 'a'? Or perhaps the 'supplement' is the part after the first number, but the function just returns that as a string.

The problem's docstring says "possible values of number and sup", so maybe the function can return the number as a string (since it's possible that there's no number, but the issue is like "suppl 5", but then the main number would be missing, so perhaps the first part is the main number, the second the supplement.

Wait, in the first case, where the issue is "5", then the supplement is empty. So the function should return (5, '') or (5, None)?

The function's return is probably (number, supplement), where number is the first numeric part, and supplement is the remaining part (stripped of whitespace maybe).

Alternatively, maybe the supplement part should be stripped of non-essential characters, but perhaps the function just returns them as they are.

So the code would be:

Use re.match to find the first digits. Then the rest is the supplement. If there are no digits, then number is None, supplement is the entire string.

Wait, but in the case where the issue is "s5", there's no leading digits, so the number would be None, and the supplement is "s5".

Alternatively, perhaps the main number can be anywhere, but that complicates things. But the function's name suggests that the main number comes first, followed by the supplement.

So the regex approach seems okay.

Now, code steps:

Import re.

Define the function. Inside, match the issue string with the regex.

If there's a match, group 1 is the number (as a string), group 2 is the supplement. Need to return the number as a string? Or as an integer?

Wait the function's name says "extract_number", so maybe the number should be an integer, but what if the issue is "5a", then the first part is "5" → 5 as integer, and the supplement is "a".

But in cases where the issue is "5-6" (like a range), then the first number is 5, and the supplement is "-6".

Hmm, maybe the function just wants to split the first number from the rest. The actual handling of the supplement's content is up to the caller.

So, in code:

The function returns a tuple of (number, supplement). The number is the first sequence of digits converted to an integer. The supplement is the remaining string, stripped.

Wait, but in cases where there are multiple numbers, like "5a2", then the supplement would be "a2", but the main number is 5. That's okay.

So code:

def _extract_number_and_supplement_from_issue_element(issue):
    match = re.match(r'^(\d+)(.*)', issue)
    if match:
        number = int(match.group(1))
        supplement = match.group(2).strip()
        return (number, supplement)
    else:
        # No number found. So number is None, supplement is the whole string stripped?
        return (None, issue.strip())

Wait, but if the issue is "5a", then supplement is "a", not "a ".

Yes, using group(2).strip() would remove any leading or trailing whitespace. But in cases where the supplement has a space, like "suppl 1", the 'suppl 1' would be kept as is, but stripped of any leading or trailing spaces.

Wait, group 2 is everything after the first digits. So in "5 suppl 1", the group 2 would be " suppl 1", which after stripping becomes "suppl 1".

But in "5s1", group2 is "s1" → no stripping needed. So that's okay.

What about leading zeros? Like "05s1" → the number would be 5 as integer, but maybe it should be kept as "05"? Hmm, the problem says "number", so perhaps it's better to return it as an integer. So leading zeros would be stripped numerically. But maybe the input is "05", then the number is 5, not 05. So that's a possible point of consideration, but perhaps the function is okay with returning the integer.

Alternatively, maybe the number is kept as a string. Because sometimes "05" might be significant as a two-digit issue number. Hmm, but the problem's docstring is vague. Let's assume that the number is the first digits as an integer.

Wait the function's name has "number" so maybe it's an integer. Let's proceed.

Testing some examples:

Case 1: issue is "12". Then match.group1 is "12", number 12. group2 is empty → supplement is empty string. So returns (12, '').

Case 2: "3s1" → (3, 's1').

Case 3: "5suppl 1" → (5, 'suppl 1').

Case 4: "abc123" → no leading digits, so returns (None, "abc123").

Wait, but the regex matches at the beginning (^). So if the first character isn't a digit, then there is no match, and the else clause returns (None, the entire string stripped).

Wait, but in "abc123", the issue has digits but not at the start. So the function would return (None, "abc123").

Hmm, perhaps that's correct because the main number must be at the start. The problem says "possible values", so maybe that's acceptable.

Another example: "2a3" → the first number is 2, supplement is "a3".

So the code as written would handle that.

Now, what if the issue is empty? Well, in that case, the regex won't match. So returns (None, '').

Wait, but the input might be a string like " 5s1 " with leading/trailing spaces. The code would first match the first digits (5), then the rest is "s1 " → stripping gives "s1".

So that's handled.

What about if the issue has multiple numbers, like "5-6s2"? Then the first number is 5, the supplement is "-6s2".

Hmm, but maybe the hyphen is part of the supplement.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is designed to take the first number as the main, and the rest as supplement, regardless of other numbers in the supplement.

So this code should work.

Wait the problem says "possible values of number and sup". Does that mean that sometimes there might be multiple possible interpretations, so the function should return a list of possible tuples? Like if the issue is "12a3", maybe the number could be 12, with supplement a3, or 1 and 2a3? Probably not. The function's name suggests it's to split the issue into the main number and the supplement part, so the first occurrence of digits is the main number, and the rest is the supplement.

Therefore, the code I have is correct.

Wait, but the function's name has "supplment" which is misspelled. Oh, the user wrote "supplment" in the function name, but that's probably a typo. The code should match the given signature exactly.

Wait the user's function signature is:

def _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element(issue):

Wait the word "supplement" is misspelled as "supplment" (missing 'e'). So the function's name has a typo, but I have to use exactly that.

Wait in my code above, I used 'supplement' in the regex, but the function's name is with 'supplment'. But that's irrelevant. The code should be based on the given function name and the docstring.

Wait the function's name is given, so I must use that. The code's function definition must exactly match the given signature. So the code I wrote earlier would have the correct function name.

Wait in the code I wrote, I have the function named _extract_number_and_supplement_from_issue_element, but the user's function has "supplment". Oh, right! I need to make sure the function name matches exactly what was provided.

Wait the user's function is named with "supplment", so the correct function name is _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element. I must use that spelling in the code.

Oh right, that's a crucial point. So I need to correct the function name in the code to have "supplment".

Wait the function's name in the question is:

def _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element(issue):

Yes, so the correct spelling is "supplment" (with two l's and missing e). So I need to use that exact name. So in the code, I'll have to write the function with that typo.

So, the code would be:

import re

def _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element(issue):
    match = re.match(r'^(\d+)(.*)', issue)
    if match:
        number = int(match.group(1))
        supplement = match.group(2).strip()
        return (number, supplement)
    else:
        return (None, issue.strip())

Wait, but in the else case, when there's no leading number, the supplement is the entire string stripped, but the number is None. That makes sense.

Wait, but what if the issue is "5a"? The supplement is "a" as a string. The function returns (5, "a").

Another test case: "5s1" → (5, "s1").

What about "5suppl 1" → (5, "suppl 1").

But maybe the user wants the supplement to be just the part after any letters following the main number. For instance, in "3s1", the 's' indicates supplement, so the supplement number is 1. But in that case, the function would need to parse further. But the problem's docstring doesn't specify that, so perhaps the initial approach is correct.

Alternatively, perhaps the supplement is any part after the main number, but if there are letters followed by numbers, extract those numbers. But the problem's docstring says "possible values", so maybe the function is supposed to return all possible candidates, but the way the function is written, it returns a single pair. So perhaps the initial approach is okay.

Alternatively, maybe the 'supplement' is the part after any letters. For example, in "3s1", the 's' is the identifier, so the supplement is 1. So to do that, perhaps the regex can be adjusted to capture the supplement's number.

Wait, but how? Let's think of another regex. Maybe the supplement is a letter (or letters) followed by a number. So, in "3s1", the supplement is 1. But in "5a", the supplement is 'a'? Or maybe in that case, the supplement is the letter, but not a number. Hmm, the problem is unclear. Since the docstring doesn't specify, perhaps the first approach is better, returning the entire remaining part as supplement.

The code I wrote should be okay. Let me see if there's any other edge cases.

What if the issue is "5"? Then the supplement is an empty string. So returns (5, '').

What about "5." → returns (5, '.').

What about "5abc" → (5, 'abc').

Yes, that's correct.

Another case: "5-6" → (5, '-6').

Hmm, okay.

Now, in the code, the else clause returns (None, issue.strip()). So if the input is "abc", then the number is None, supplement is "abc".

But maybe the function should return the entire string as supplement even if there's no number? But the problem says "possible values of number and sup", so perhaps when there is no number, the number is None, and the supplement is the entire string. That's what the code does.

I think that's the best approach given the information. Let me code this exactly as per the function name and the above logic.
