Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _get_err_indices based on the provided docstring. The function is supposed to find all error indexes corresponding to a given coord_name. Let me think about what this might involve.

First, I should consider where this function is going to be used. Since it's an instance method (starts with self), there's probably some internal data structure in the class that tracks errors related to coordinates. Maybe the class has a dictionary or a list that maps coordinate names to their error indices. 

The docstring says "Find all error indexes", so the function likely returns a list of indexes where errors occurred for that specific coordinate. I'll need to check if the coord_name exists in the error tracking structure. If it does, then return the list of indices. If not, maybe return an empty list or some indication that there are no errors for that coordinate.

Let me assume that the class has an attribute like self.errors which is a dictionary where the keys are coordinate names and the values are lists of indices. Then the function could be as simple as checking if coord_name is in self.errors and returning the corresponding list, or an empty list otherwise.

Wait, but maybe the errors are stored in a different way. Perhaps each error has a coordinate name and an index, so the function has to loop through all errors and collect the indices where the coord_name matches. That would make the function a bit more involved. Let me think which approach is better.

The first approach is more efficient if the data is already structured that way. The second requires iterating through all errors each time. Since the function is called _get_err_indices, maybe the class is designed to store errors per coordinate. So the first approach with a dictionary makes sense.

So the code might look like this: check if coord_name is in self.errors. If yes, return self.errors[coord_name], else return an empty list. But perhaps the function should return a list even if there are none, so maybe default to an empty list.

Wait, but maybe the errors are stored in a list of tuples, like (coord_name, index), and the function has to filter that list. For example, if self.errors is a list of all errors, then the function would loop through each error entry and collect the indices where the coordinate name matches.

Hmm. The problem is that without knowing the exact structure of the class's internal data, it's a bit hard to decide. But given that the function is part of a class, maybe there's an existing structure. Let me think of common patterns.

Alternatively, maybe the class has a method to track errors, and _get_err_indices is part of a validation process. For instance, when validating coordinates, each time an error is found at a particular index for a coordinate, it's stored. So the errors are stored in a dictionary where each key is the coordinate name and the value is a list of indices where errors occurred.

Therefore, the function would be something like:

def _get_err_indices(self, coord_name):
    return self.errors.get(coord_name, [])

But maybe the function needs to do more, like checking for existence and initializing the list if necessary. Or perhaps it's part of a more complex setup.

Alternatively, maybe the errors are stored in a list, and each error has a coordinate and an index. Then the function would filter through the list:

def _get_err_indices(self, coord_name):
    return [idx for coord, idx in self.errors if coord == coord_name]

But that would require the errors to be stored in a list of tuples. Depending on how the class is structured, either approach is possible. Since the docstring is brief, I need to make a reasonable assumption.

The most straightforward approach is using a dictionary to map each coord_name to its list of error indices. So the function would check if the key exists in the dictionary and return the list, or an empty list if not. That's simple and efficient.

Therefore, the code would be as follows. I should also make sure that the function is properly indented as a method. Let me write that out.

Wait, the user specified to output the code in Python markdown format. Oh right, they probably mean just the code, without any markdown. But the initial instruction mentioned to output only the code in python markdown format. Maybe that's a typo and they just want the code. But since the function is part of a class, I'll present the method as given.

So, the code would be:

def _get_err_indices(self, coord_name):
    """
    Find all error indexes corresponding to coord_name.
    """
    return self.errors.get(coord_name, [])

Alternatively, maybe the errors are stored in another structure. Suppose there's a list of errors, each with a 'coordinate' field and an 'index' field. Then the function would loop through them. But without more info, the dictionary approach is better.

Another possibility is that the function is part of a data processing class where coordinates are stored in an array, and errors are tracked separately. For example, maybe the class has a list of errors where each error entry has a coordinate name and the index. But again, using a dictionary is more efficient here.

So I'll go with the first approach. The function returns the list from the dictionary, defaulting to an empty list. That should fulfill the requirement.
