Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_fill_request_el that checks if the given object's class has both 'fill' and 'request' attributes. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function takes an object 'obj' as an argument. The goal is to determine if the class of this object has those two specific attributes. Wait, should I check the instance or the class itself? The docstring says "obj class", so probably the class. So I should look at obj's class, not the instance attributes.

Hmm, how do I get the class of an object? Oh right, type(obj) gives the class. Alternatively, I could use obj.__class__.

Once I have the class, I need to check if both 'fill' and 'request' are attributes of that class. So, for the class C = type(obj), I can use hasattr(C, 'fill') and hasattr(C, 'request'). Both of these need to be True for the function to return True.

Wait, but maybe the attributes could be inherited from a parent class? The question isn't clear on that. The function's name suggests that it's checking if the object is an instance of a class that has those attributes. The docstring says "has the fill and request attributes", so I think it's sufficient to check if they exist in the class's attributes, even if they are inherited. Because in Python, hasattr() checks the entire attribute namespace, including parents.

So the steps are: get the class of the object, check if both attributes exist in that class. The function should return True only if both are present.

Putting it all together. The function could be written as:

def is_fill_request_el(obj):
    cls = type(obj)
    return hasattr(cls, 'fill') and hasattr(cls, 'request')

Wait, that seems straightforward. But maybe I should consider if the attributes are actually present, not just looked up via the class hierarchy. Like, maybe using the dir() function? But the standard way to check for existence is hasattr. For example, if a parent class has the attribute, hasattr will still return True. The problem doesn't specify whether it's required to have them directly in the class or any ancestor. The wording is "has the fill and request attributes", so I think using hasattr is correct here.

Alternatively, maybe the user wants to check if the object itself has those attributes, but the question says the class. The function's name might be a typo but the docstring is clear. So I should stick with checking the class.

Wait another thing: sometimes in Python, the attributes might be in the instance's __dict__ but not the class. But the function's requirement is about the class, so the correct approach is to check the class. So yes, the code I wrote should work.

Wait, but maybe the function is supposed to check the object's own attributes (like instance attributes) instead of the class? Let me read the docstring again. It says "obj class has the fill and request attributes". So that's definitely the class's attributes, not the instance's. So the code is right.

Wait, but maybe the attributes are methods? Does it matter? The function's check is just for existence of the attributes, regardless of their type. So if the class has a fill method and a request attribute, that's okay. The function doesn't care what they are, just that they exist.

Therefore, the code should be as simple as that. Let me see if there's any edge cases. Like if obj is None? Well, then type(obj) would be type 'NoneType', which doesn't have those attributes. But the function's parameters say 'obj', so the user is supposed to pass an object. So that's okay.

Another case: if the class is a subclass of a class that has those attributes, then hasattr would still return True. Which is correct according to the problem's description.

So the code is correct. Let me write it as the answer. Just need to make sure it's formatted properly, in a code block with triple backticks. Oh, and the user said to output only the code in Python markdown format, so I have to wrap it in the correct syntax.
