Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _validate_labels(labels) based on the given docstring. The docstring says to check that keys and values in the given labels are validated by validate_key() and validate_value(). 

Hmm, first, I should figure out what the function is supposed to do. The labels are probably a dictionary, right? So the function has to iterate over each key-value pair in the dictionary. For each key, I must call validate_key(), and for each value, validate_value(). If any of those validations fail, then I should raise an exception, maybe a ValueError or a specific one like InvalidLabelError?

Wait, but the problem doesn't mention any specific exceptions. The original functions validate_key and validate_value probably return a boolean or raise an error themselves. The docstring mentions "Check that keys and values...", so maybe the function should ensure that all keys and values pass their respective validation checks.

So the steps are: loop through each key in the labels dictionary, apply validate_key to each key. Then loop through each value, apply validate_value to each. If any of those validations fail, then the function should raise an error. But how exactly do the validate functions work? Since the problem doesn't specify, I have to assume they are existing functions that return True/False or raise an exception when passed invalid data.

Wait, the function's name is _validate_labels, which suggests it's an internal helper. The docstring says to use validate_key and validate_value. So maybe the function is supposed to check each key and value using those two functions. 

Let me think of possible code structure. The function takes a labels parameter, which is a dictionary. So first, I need to check if labels is a dictionary. If not, maybe raise a TypeError? Or is that part of the validation? The problem might not require that, but perhaps the validate functions handle that. 

Alternatively, perhaps the function just loops through all keys and applies validate_key to each, and loops through all values and applies validate_value. So for each key in labels.keys(), call validate_key(key), and for each value in labels.values(), call validate_value(value). If any of those calls return False, then we need to raise an appropriate error. Or, if the validate functions themselves raise exceptions when invalid, then maybe we just call them and let the exceptions propagate?

The problem's docstring isn't clear on that. But the wording says "Check that keys and values in the given labels by validate_key() and validate_value()". So perhaps the function should ensure that each key is valid via validate_key, and each value via validate_value. So I'll write code that loops through all keys and runs validate_key on each. Similarly for the values.

Wait, but how are the validate functions structured? For example, maybe validate_key returns a boolean, so the code would be:

for key in labels:
    if not validate_key(key):
        raise ValueError(f"Invalid key: {key}")
for value in labels.values():
    if not validate_value(value):
        raise ValueError(f"Invalid value: {value}")

Alternatively, if the validate functions raise exceptions on their own, then just calling them would be sufficient. Like:

for key in labels:
    validate_key(key)
for value in labels.values():
    validate_value(value)

Which approach is better? The docstring says "Check that keys and values ... by validate_key() and validate_value()". So the idea is that the validation functions are the ones doing the checking, and this function is just calling them for each key and value.

Probably, the validate_key and validate_value are helper functions that raise exceptions when their input is invalid. So in that case, the _validate_labels function would loop through each key and call validate_key on it, which would raise an error if the key is invalid. Similarly for the values. So the code would be straightforward.

Wait, but the problem says "generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring". Since the user provided the signature and the docstring, the code should be written as per that. The function's job is to check each key and value using the two validation functions. 

So here's the plan. The function takes a labels dictionary. It iterates over each key in the labels, applying validate_key to it. Then iterates over each value, applying validate_value. If any of those functions raise an error, then this function would re-raise or just let it propagate. Alternatively, if the validation functions return a boolean, then the code would check each key and value, and raise an error if any are invalid.

But since the problem doesn't specify, maybe I should assume that the validation functions return a boolean. Therefore, the code needs to loop through all keys and values, check each with the respective function, and if any fail, raise an error.

Wait, but how to structure the error messages. Let me see. The function needs to validate all keys and values. So for each key in the dictionary, call validate_key(key). If that returns False, then we need to raise an error. Similarly for each value.

Alternatively, perhaps the functions are supposed to be called in a way that they check and throw an error. So in that case, the code would just loop through the keys and call validate_key, and then the values. The first invalid one would trigger the exception. 

But the problem's instruction says to "generate Python code based on the function signature and docstring", so perhaps the helper functions are already existing. So the code would be as simple as looping through each key and value and calling those functions. 

Wait, but the problem didn't mention the helper functions, so maybe the code is supposed to have those functions as part of the code? Or are they external? Since the function signature is given, perhaps the validate_key and validate_value are separate functions that the user has already defined, so the code here just calls them.

In that case, the code would look like this:

def _validate_labels(labels):
    for key in labels:
        validate_key(key)
    for value in labels.values():
        validate_value(value)

Wait, but how do those functions work? Let's assume that validate_key and validate_value return True if valid, else raise an error. So in that case, the loop would call each function and if any of them raise an error, the _validate_labels function would stop and raise that error. That's probably the right approach. 

Alternatively, maybe validate_key and validate_value return a boolean. Then the code would have to check each key and value, and collect all the errors first, then raise an error with all the invalid keys and values. But the problem's docstring says "check that keys and values ... by validate_key() and validate_value()", so perhaps it's sufficient to just call those functions and let them handle the errors. 

Wait, but how can the functions be called for each key and value? Let me think of possible scenarios. For instance, validate_key might check the key's type or format, and raise an exception if it's not valid. So in the loop, if a key is invalid, validate_key would throw an error, which we can catch and then report. But maybe the function is supposed to validate all keys and values, not just stop at the first error. 

Hmm, the standard approach for validation is to check each item, and if any is invalid, raise an error. But in that case, if the validate functions return a boolean, then the code would need to check each key and value, and if any is invalid, raise an error. 

Alternatively, if the validate functions are designed to raise exceptions when invalid, then the code can just loop through each key and call validate_key, which will raise an error immediately when it encounters an invalid key. So the function would stop at the first invalid key, but maybe that's acceptable. 

The problem's docstring isn't very detailed, but given that the function is called _validate_labels, I think the code should check each key and each value. 

Wait, maybe the validate functions are supposed to be called on each key and value. So the code would do:

for key in labels:
    validate_key(key)
for value in labels.values():
    validate_value(value)

But this would process the keys first, and if any key is invalid, the first loop would raise an error before even checking the values. So all keys must be valid before proceeding to check the values. That's okay. 

Alternatively, maybe the order is to check all keys and all values, and collect all errors, but that's more complicated. Since the problem didn't specify, I think the first approach is better. 

Therefore, the code would be as above. 

Wait, but the function's name starts with an underscore, which might indicate it's a private helper function. But the code structure is okay. 

Wait, but the parameters: labels is the dictionary. So the code must loop through all the keys and all the values. 

Wait, but in the first loop, it's for key in labels, which is the same as for key in labels.keys(). 

So, putting it all together, the code would be:

def _validate_labels(labels):
    for key in labels:
        validate_key(key)
    for value in labels.values():
        validate_value(value)

But I should also make sure that labels is a dictionary. What if someone passes a non-dictionary? The function may need to check that first. 

The docstring doesn't mention that, so maybe it's assumed that labels is a dictionary. So perhaps that check is not needed here. 

Alternatively, maybe the function should first check that the input is a dict. But since the problem didn't specify, I'll proceed without that. 

Wait, but maybe the validate_key and validate_value functions would take care of that. Like, if labels is not a dictionary, then when you try to loop over it, it might raise a TypeError. But the user's function is supposed to check the keys and values. 

Hmm, perhaps the code is supposed to do exactly that: call the two validation functions on each key and value. 

So the code is as above. But I should also consider that maybe the values are lists or other structures. Wait, no, the problem states "given labels" (probably a dictionary) so each value is a single value. 

Alternatively, perhaps the values themselves are dictionaries, but the problem says "values in the given labels by validate_value()", so I think each value is a single value. 

Therefore, the code should be as I thought. But I should also make sure that the function returns nothing, and just raises errors if something is wrong. 

Wait, the function's purpose is to validate, so if all keys and values are valid, it just returns, otherwise raises an error. 

Yes, that makes sense. 

So the code is as written. 

Wait, but perhaps the keys and values are processed in a way that the function needs to check all keys and all values, even if one is invalid. But that's more complicated because once an error is raised, the function stops. 

Alternatively, maybe the functions should check all keys and values first, collect all the errors, and then raise a single error with all invalid keys and values. But the problem's docstring doesn't mention that. 

Given the lack of details, I think the code as written is correct. 

Wait, but in the code above, the second loop (for values) would only run if all keys passed validation. So if a key is invalid, the function would stop and not check the values. 

Is that acceptable? Well, that's how the code would work. But perhaps the user expects that all keys and values are checked, even if some keys are invalid. But without knowing the requirements, it's hard to say. 

Alternatively, maybe the function first checks all keys and then all values. 

Alternatively, maybe the function should check each key and its corresponding value together. But the problem's docstring doesn't say that. 

Hmm, the code as written is straightforward. So I'll go with that. 

Wait, but perhaps the code is supposed to check that the labels themselves are a dictionary. Like:

if not isinstance(labels, dict):
    raise TypeError("Labels must be a dictionary")

But again, the problem didn't mention that in the docstring. The docstring says to check the keys and values. 

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a class, but the signature shows it's a standalone function. 

So, the code would be:

def _validate_labels(labels):
    for key in labels:
        validate_key(key)
    for value in labels.values():
        validate_value(value)

Wait, but what if the labels is empty? Then the loops don't run. But that's okay, because empty labels are valid, assuming that the functions don't require non-empty. 

Another point: perhaps the function should iterate over all the keys and values, so for each key-value pair in the items. 

Wait, the first loop checks all keys, and the second loop checks all values. That's correct. 

Alternatively, maybe the second loop can be written as for value in labels.values(). 

Yes, that's exactly what it is. 

Therefore, the code is correct. 

Wait, but maybe the keys and values should be checked in pairs. Like, for key, value in labels.items(). 

No, the key and value are separate. So checking keys with validate_key and values with validate_value. 

So the code is okay. 

I think that's the code. Let me see if there's anything else. 

Wait, the function is supposed to "Check that keys and values in the given labels by validate_key() and validate_value()". The wording is a bit unclear. Does it mean that both keys and values are validated by those two functions? Or each key by validate_key and each value by validate_value? 

Yes, the latter. Each key must be validated by validate_key, and each value by validate_value. 

Therefore, the code loops through each key and calls validate_key on it, then loops through each value and calls validate_value. 

Yes. 

So the code is as above. 

I think that's it. The code should be written without any extra explanations, just the function.
