Okay, I need to write a Python function called _c_optimizations_ignored based on the given docstring. The function should check if the environment variable PURE_PYTHON is set and not equal to "0". If that's the case, return True; else, return False.

Hmm, right, the function is supposed to look at os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON"). So first, I should import the os module. Then, get the value of that environment variable. The condition is that if the value is not None and not "0", return True. Otherwise, False.

Wait, the docstring says "if get 'PURE_PYTHON' environ is not none and not 0". Oh, but environ is a dictionary, so using os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") will give me the value. So, the steps are:

1. Get the value of PURE_PYTHON from the environment.
2. Check if the value is not None and when converted to a string, it's not "0".
3. Return True if both conditions are met, else False.

Wait, but maybe the environment variable could be a string that's not "0", like "1", "2", or any other non-zero string. The key is that if it's set and not "0", then we return True. So the check is: if the value exists (i.e., not None) and when stripped (maybe with leading/trailing spaces?), and if it's not equal to "0".

Wait, but the docstring's wording is a bit ambiguous. Let me re-read it. The docstring says: Return True if "PURE_PYTHON" environ is not none and not 0. So, the environ's value (from get) is not None and not 0. Wait, but environ variables are strings. So when they say "not 0", maybe they mean the string "0" is considered as false, and any other non-empty string that isn't "0" would be True?

Alternatively, perhaps the function should return True when the environment variable is set (exists) and its value is not "0". So, if it's set to any other value (like "1", "true", "yes", etc.), then it's considered as indicating that optimizations are ignored. But the exact condition is if the value is not None and not "0".

So the steps in code would be:

value = os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON")
if value is not None and value != '0':
    return True
else:
    return False

Wait, but how to handle case where the variable is set but the value is empty? Like if someone set PURE_PYTHON to an empty string. Then, the check would be value is not None (since get would return the empty string), and then compare if the value is not "0". So in that case, the empty string is not equal to "0", so it would return True. But maybe that's not intended. The problem statement says "not 0", so perhaps the value should be treated as a boolean? Like, if it's "0" then it's false, else true if set. So even if the value is an empty string, it's considered as True because it's not "0".

Alternatively, maybe the environment variable's presence (regardless of value) would set it to True, except when the value is "0". So the code is straightforward: check if the variable exists and its value isn't "0".

Wait, the exact wording is: "if get 'PURE_PYTHON' environ is not none and not 0". The 'get' here refers to the result of os.environ.get. So the return value of that get is not None (meaning the variable is set), and that value is not 0. But since the value is a string, the "0" is a string comparison. So, the code should be:

return os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON", None) is not None and os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON", None) != '0'

Wait, but using get twice might be redundant. Let me think: first, get the value once. Like:

value = os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON")
return value is not None and value != '0'

Yes, that's better. Because if the variable is present, get returns its string value. If not, returns None. So the function returns True if the value is not None and not equal to "0".

So putting that into code. The function starts by importing os? Wait, but the user didn't mention any imports. Oh right, the function's code must include the necessary imports. So I need to include 'import os' at the top.

Wait, but the function is supposed to be part of a module. So the code would start with the import statement. Then, the function uses os.environ.get.

Wait, the function's name is _c_optimizations_ignored. So the code would be:

import os

def _c_optimizations_ignored():
    return os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") is not None and os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") != '0'

Wait, but each time you call get, it's checking again. To avoid that, maybe store the result first. So better:

import os

def _c_optimizations_ignored():
    value = os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON")
    return value is not None and value != '0'

Yes, that's more efficient. So the function returns True if the environment variable is set and its value is not "0".

Wait, but the original docstring says "not none and not 0". So the first part checks if it's not None, the second if it's not 0 (but since it's a string, comparing to '0' is correct). So the code should be correct.

I think that's it. So the code will be as above. Let me make sure I'm not missing anything. The function returns a boolean. The checks are exactly as described. So the code should work.
