Okay, I need to create a Python decorator called deprecated that takes a message as an argument. The decorator should be used to mark functions or methods as deprecated, which means when someone calls them, a warning should be issued. Let me think about how decorators with arguments work.

Hmm, right, a decorator with parameters is a function that returns a decorator. So the deprecated function here is the outer one that takes the message. Then it should return the actual decorator that wraps the original function.

The standard approach is to have the outer function take the message, then the returned function is the decorator that takes the actual function to be decorated. But wait, maybe the decorator also needs to handle the case where it's applied to a method with instance. Oh right, for methods (like instance methods), the decorator function might receive either the function or the instance. Wait, no, when using a decorator on a method, the decorator is applied to the function, so when the method is called, the wrapper will be called, and the instance is passed as the first argument. So I need to make sure the wrapper can handle that.

I remember that the correct way is to create a wrapper function that checks if the original function is a method. Wait, perhaps using functools.wraps would be necessary here to preserve the original function's metadata.

The main goal is to issue a warning when the deprecated function is called. So using warnings.warn? The message should be part of that. The warning type should be DeprecationWarning. But sometimes DeprecationWarning is ignored by default, so maybe a UserWarning would be better, or use a custom warning. Alternatively, perhaps the standard way is to use a DeprecationWarning and include the message.

Wait, the function is supposed to return a decorator. So the structure would be:

def deprecated(message):
    def decorator(func):
        @wraps(func)
        def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
            print the message or issue a warning
            return func(*args, **kwargs)
        return wrapper
    return decorator

Wait, but in Python, the decorator should use the warnings module. Let me recall how to do that properly. The warnings.warn function can be used here. The message should be formatted along with the function name maybe. Oh, the user probably wants the message to be part of the warning. So the wrapper function should issue a warning when called.

Also, the @wraps is essential to keep the original function's name and docstring. So I need to import wraps from functools. The decorator needs to handle both functions and methods correctly, so using *args and **kwargs in the wrapper should be okay.

Wait, the function name can be obtained via func.__name__, but maybe even better to get the qualified name if possible. Alternatively, just the name. Let's see. The standard deprecation message usually includes the function name. So in the warning, we can say something like "The function {func.__name__} is deprecated. {message}".

Wait, the message is provided by the user, so maybe the user's message is part of the warning. So the decorator's wrapper would generate a warning with the given message. Let me structure it:

Inside the wrapper, call warnings.warn with a message that includes the function's name and the provided message. The warn function also takes a category, which should be DeprecationWarning. But sometimes DeprecationWarning is not shown by default, so perhaps using a different category like PendingDeprecationWarning? Or maybe the user expects DeprecationWarning. Let me check the standard practices. The standard is to use DeprecationWarning, even though it might be muted in some environments. Alternatively, the user can choose to enable it via command line options.

So the code would look like this. Also, need to import the necessary modules. Oh right, the user didn't mention any imports, so I need to include them in the code. The function will need to import functools and warnings.

Wait, the user's function is supposed to return a decorator. So putting it all together:

First, import functools and warnings. Then, define the deprecated function, which takes a message. Then, it defines and returns the actual decorator. The decorator takes the function, wraps it with a wrapper that issues the warning when called, then calls the original function.

Wait, let me make sure the order is correct. The outer function is deprecated, which returns the decorator. The decorator then takes the function, and returns the wrapper. So the code structure is correct.

Wait, but the wrapper function needs to handle the case when the function is a method. Like, if it's an instance method, then the first argument is self. But in the wrapper, when you call func(*args, **kwargs), that's okay because it passes the self as the first argument. So the *args and **kwargs in the wrapper's call should handle that.

Another thing: the message might be something the user wants to include. The docstring says "Return a decorator function for deprecating functions and methods." So the decorator should be used like @deprecated("Use new_function instead").

So the code would be:

import functools
import warnings

def deprecated(message):
    def decorator(func):
        @functools.wraps(func)
        def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
            warnings.warn(
                f"Deprecated function {func.__name__} called. {message}",
                category=DeprecationWarning,
                stacklevel=2
            )
            return func(*args, **kwargs)
        return wrapper
    return decorator

Wait, stacklevel: the stacklevel is set so that the warning points to the caller's code. The stacklevel is 2 because the warning is issued in the wrapper, which is one level above the user's call. So that's correct.

Alternatively, maybe the message should be formatted with the function name. The example in the standard library's warnings might show that. So yes, the message is part of the warning. The user can include the function name in the message, but perhaps it's better to automatically include the function's name in the warning. Like "Function 'foo' is deprecated. {message}".

Wait, looking at the docstring, the user's message is the only parameter. So the decorator is supposed to use that message. So the message might already include the function name, or not. The code can just append the message as given. So the f-string combines the function name and the provided message.

I think that's the way to go. Let me also check if the category is correctly set. The DeprecationWarning is the right category here. The stacklevel is important to make sure the warning shows the correct line in the user's code where the deprecated function was called, not the wrapper's line.

Wait, what's the default stacklevel for warn? I think it's 1, which would point to the wrapper. So setting to 2 would go up to the call site. Yes, that's correct.

So putting it all together, the code would be as above. Need to make sure that the user's function is called normally, but with the warning emitted each time. The decorator should not prevent the function from executing, just warn the user.

I think that's the correct approach. Let me see if there's anything missing. The functools.wraps is necessary to preserve the __name__ and __doc__ of the original function, otherwise the wrapper would have different metadata.

So the code should have the import statements at the top. The user's function signature is given, so the code must start with that. The docstring is provided, so the code should include that as well.

Yes, that should do it. I'll write the code accordingly.
