Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_none_string that checks if a given value is a string that represents 'None'. Let's see the requirements again. The function should return True only if two conditions are met: the val is a string type, and when converted to lowercase, it equals 'none'. Otherwise, it returns False.

First, I'll start by checking if the input val is a string. Because the function's parameter is of type 'any', I have to make sure that it's actually a string. So I'll use isinstance(val, str) to do that. If that's not true, the function should immediately return False.

Next, if it is a string, I need to compare it to 'none' in lowercase. So I should convert the input string to lowercase using the .lower() method and then check equality with 'none'. Wait, but what about cases where the string has different cases like 'NONE' or 'None'? The .lower() will take care of that because it converts all characters to lowercase. So that's good.

Putting it all together: the function first checks the type. If not a string, return False. If it is a string, then check if val.lower() == 'none'. Return the result of that comparison.

Wait, but what about whitespace? The docstring says "the lowercase of val is equal to 'none'". So I think leading or trailing whitespace would matter. Like, if the string was ' none ' (with spaces), then lower() would still leave the spaces. So the function would return false in that case. So the user probably wants exact match, so trimming whitespace might not be needed unless specified. Since the docstring doesn't mention that, I shouldn't do it. So just check the lowercase of the string as is.

So the code structure would be something like:

def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:
    return isinstance(val, str) and val.strip().lower() == 'none'? Wait, no, maybe better to split into two checks to make sure it's a string first, then do the comparison.

Wait, no, the code should first check if it's a string. So:

if not isinstance(val, str):
    return False
else:
    return val.lower() == 'none'

But since that's a one-liner, perhaps using a conditional expression. So:

return isinstance(val, str) and val.lower() == 'none'

Wait, does that work? Because in a logical AND, the first part has to be true for the second to be evaluated. So if val is a string, then the first condition is True, and then it checks the second. If either is false, the overall is false, which is correct. So that's a concise way to write it.

Wait, but the docstring says "the type of val is string and the lowercase of val is equal to 'none'". So both conditions must be true. So the function returns True only when both are true. So the code using the AND operator would do that. So the return statement would be the combination of both.

Wait, but the function is called is_none_string. So the first check is whether val is a string. If it's not a string, return False. If it is, then check if the lowercase equals 'none'. So the return can be written as:

return isinstance(val, str) and val.lower() == 'none'

Yes, that's correct. Because if val is a string, then the first part is True, so it evaluates the second part. The second part is True only if the string's lowercase is exactly 'none'. So that should work.

Wait, but what about if val is None? Then the function would not trigger because it's not a string. So the function returns False, which is correct. What about if val is an integer like '123'? Wait, no, integers aren't strings, so the first check would fail. So that's correct.

Testing some cases. For example:

is_none_string('None') → True? Because lower() makes 'none', which equals 'none'. 

Yes. 

is_none_string('NONE') → same, because lower() converts to 'none', so returns True.

Wait, but the docstring says "the lowercase of val is equal to 'none'". So that's exactly the case here. So that's correct.

What about an empty string? Then val.lower() is empty, so not equal to 'none', so returns False. 

What about 'None' with leading or trailing spaces? Like ' None ', then lower() would be ' none ', which is not equal to 'none', so returns False. So the code handles that correctly.

So the code should be as above. Let me make sure I have the syntax right. The function is defined with any type as the parameter, and returns a bool. The docstring says to return True if the val is a string and lowercase equals 'none', else False. So the code I wrote should do that. 

Hmm, perhaps I should also check that the string is exactly 'none' when lowercased. So no leading or trailing characters. So the code as written does that. So the function is correct.

Wait the function's parameters are written as (val: any). So in Python 3.5+, that's okay. The type annotation is 'any', which is a valid type from the typing module. But maybe the user just wants to use 'any' as a placeholder. But the code should be correct as per the given signature.

So the code would be:

def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:
    return isinstance(val, str) and val.lower() == 'none'

Wait, but the docstring says "the type of val is string and the lowercase of val is equal to 'none'". So that's exactly what the code checks. 

Yes, that should work. Let me think of possible edge cases. Like a string with 'none' but in different case, like 'NonE' → lower becomes 'none', so returns True. 

What about a string that is 'none' but with other characters? Like 'nonex', that would be 'nonex' in lowercase, so not equal. 

So this code should handle all of that. Alright, that's the code I need to write.
