Okay, I need to write a Python function called _dictsum that takes a list of dictionaries and sums the values for each common key. Let's see. The example given is two dictionaries, but the function probably works for any number of them. So, the input is a list called dicts, which contains multiple dictionaries. The output should be a new dictionary where each key is present in any of the input dictionaries, and the value is the sum of all the values from the input dicts for that key.

Hmm, first step is to figure out how to iterate through all the key-value pairs in each dictionary. Then, collect all the keys and sum their values. I think the best way is to start with an empty result dictionary. For each dictionary in the input list, I loop through its keys and values. For each key, I check if it's already in the result. If it is, I add the current value to the existing sum. If not, I initialize it with the current value.

Wait, but what if some dictionaries have different keys? Like if one has 'a' and another has 'c', then the result should include both, each summed appropriately. So the process should cover all keys from all dictionaries.

I can use a for loop for this. Let's outline the steps:

Initialize a result dictionary.

Loop over each dict in the input list of dicts:

   For each key in the current dict:

      Add the value to the result[key], or set it if not present.

But how to do that in Python? Oh right, I can use a defaultdict from the collections module. Wait, but maybe the user expects a regular dict. Alternatively, I can just use a normal dictionary and check if the key exists.

Alternatively, the more Pythonic way might be to use a regular dictionary and a loop. Let me think.

Another approach: iterate through each dictionary, and for each key-value pair, update the result. So something like this:

def _dictsum(dicts):
    result = {}
    for d in dicts:
        for key, value in d.items():
            if key in result:
                result[key] += value
            else:
                result[key] = value
    return result

That seems straightforward. Let me test with the example given. The example input is two dictionaries, {'a':1, 'b':2} and {'a':5, 'b':0}. So when processing the first dict, 'a' and 'b' are added to result with their values. Then the second dict: 'a' is already present, so 1+5=6. 'b' is already there, 2+0=2. So the result would be {'a':6, 'b':2}, which matches the example. 

What about edge cases? Like if a list is empty, returns an empty dict. Or if there's only one dictionary, returns it as is (but a copy maybe?). Also, what if the dictionaries have different keys? Like one has 'a' and another has 'b' and 'c', then all keys are included with their sums. 

Wait, but the function's parameter is called dicts. So the input is a list of dictionaries. So the code above should work. 

I should also make sure that all the elements in the input list are indeed dictionaries. But according to the problem statement, the function is given dictionaries, so maybe we can assume that. 

Do I need to handle non-numeric values? The problem says to sum the values. So if a value is not a number, adding might cause an error. But the example uses integers. The problem probably assumes that all values are numbers that can be summed. So the function doesn't have to check that. 

So the code is as I outlined. Let's see, in the code, the for loops are nested: first over each dictionary in the list, then over each key-value pair in the dictionary. 

Wait, another way could be using a loop and the get method. Like for each key, sum all the values from each dict. But that might be less efficient. Alternatively, perhaps using a dictionary comprehension with sum and a generator expression. Hmm, but how would that work?

Alternatively, for all the keys encountered in any of the dictionaries, sum the values from each dict. But to do that, you might have to collect all keys first, then loop through each key and sum across all dicts. But that could be more involved. The first approach is probably better.

Wait, the first approach is O(n*m), where n is the number of dicts and m the average number of keys. But that's manageable.

So the code I have should be correct. Let me also check another example. Suppose three dicts: 

dict1: {'x':3, 'y':5}, 

dict2: {'x':2, 'z':1}, 

dict3: {'y':-1, 'z':4}

The sum should be x:3+2=5, y:5-1=4, z:1+4=5. So the result would be {'x':5, 'y':4, 'z':5}. 

Testing with the code: the first dict adds x=3, y=5. Then the second dict adds x to 5 (3+2?), wait no, the second dict's x is 2. So after the second iteration, x would be 3+2=5, y stays 5, and z is 1. Then third dict, y is -1, so 5-1 becomes 4. z gets 1+4=5. So yes, that would work.

Therefore the code should be as written. Also, need to import nothing, since it's using standard dict methods. So the code is correct.
