Okay, I need to write a Python function called _dump_string that takes an object and a dumper (which is optional) and serializes the object into a YAML stream. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that in Python, to dump YAML, we usually use the PyYAML library. The function should probably use yaml.dump or yaml.dump_all. Wait, but the function is supposed to return a YAML stream. Oh right, the standard function is yaml.dump, which converts a Python object to a YAML string.

Wait, the parameters are obj and dumper. The dumper is optional, so if it's provided, maybe we should use it. But in PyYAML, the dump function has an argument called Dumper, which is a class. So perhaps the dumper parameter here is the Dumper class to use. So the function can accept a specific Dumper, like SafeDumper or the default one.

So the function should probably import yaml and then call yaml.dump with the obj, and specify the Dumper if provided. But the default Dumper in PyYAML's dump function is probably the standard one, so if dumper is None, we can leave it as default. But I need to check the parameters of the yaml.dump function.

Wait, the function's docstring says it returns a YAML stream, which I think is a string. So the code structure would be something like:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

Wait, but in the PyYAML's syntax, the parameter is called Dumper (with a capital D), so if dumper is the argument, we need to pass Dumper=dumper. That should work. However, I should make sure that if dumper is None, the default is used. The yaml.dump function's Dumper parameter has a default, so that's okay.

Wait, but what if the user provides a dumper instance instead of a class? Hmm, maybe the function is designed to take a Dumper class, so the parameter name in the function is dumper, which corresponds to the Dumper keyword. So the code should work as is.

Wait, the function's parameters are obj and dumper. The docstring mentions that dumper is optional. So the code would be straightforward. Just call yaml.dump with the obj and the Dumper set to dumper if provided. Otherwise, it uses the default.

Wait, but I should also consider the possible other parameters. The standard dump function has several parameters like stream, default_flow_style, etc. But the function's docstring says it returns a YAML stream, so the parameters for the dump function that require a stream (like specifying a file) are not needed here. The yaml.dump function returns the string when the stream is not specified, so that's correct.

Therefore, the code would be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

Wait, but I should check the order of parameters. The yaml.dump's first parameters are the object, then stream (which if not provided, it returns the string), so yes. The Dumper is a keyword argument. So that's correct.

Hmm, but maybe I should handle the case when dumper is None by not passing it? Let me see. The default Dumper is set by PyYAML. So if dumper is None, then just not specify Dumper, so it uses the default. But in the function call, if we pass Dumper=None, it might override the default? Wait, no. Looking at the PyYAML documentation, the Dumper parameter's default is None, but the function uses a default Dumper. Wait, actually, in PyYAML's code, if you don't specify Dumper and allow_default, then it uses the default. Maybe when you call yaml.dump, if you don't specify Dumper, it uses the default. So in our code, if the dumper argument is None, we can just omit the Dumper keyword. But how to do that?

Wait, perhaps the code should check if dumper is not None, then pass it. Otherwise, leave it out. So maybe:

if dumper is None:
    return yaml.dump(obj)
else:
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

But that might be better. Because otherwise, passing dumper=None would set the Dumper to None, which might not be intended. Wait, actually, the yaml.dump's Dumper parameter has a default, so if the user passes None, it's equivalent to not passing it. So the initial code should work as well. Let me see the actual parameters of yaml.dump.

Looking up the PyYAML documentation: The signature of yaml.dump is dump(data, stream=None, Dumper=None, **kwarks). Wait, the Dumper parameter is called with a capital D, and if Dumper is not specified, then it uses the default, which depends on other parameters. Hmm. So the code as written is correct. Because when dumper is None, the keyword Dumper=dumper would set Dumper to None, but the function's default would take over. Or does that cause an issue?

Wait, maybe the default Dumper is set when the parameter is not passed. So if we explicitly set Dumper=None, perhaps that's not the same. Let me think. Suppose the default is yaml.Dumper, then if you pass Dumper=None, maybe it would choose a different one? Or maybe the function's default is determined by other factors. To avoid confusion, maybe it's better to only pass Dumper when dumper is not None. So perhaps using a conditional.

Alternatively, maybe the function's dumper parameter is supposed to be the Dumper class. So if the user provides it, use it, else use the default. So the code can just pass Dumper=dumper, since if dumper is None, it would set Dumper to None, but the yaml.dump function would then use its own default. Wait, but maybe the yaml.dump function's default is different. Let me see an example.

In PyYAML, if you don't specify Dumper, it uses the default. For instance, if you use yaml.dump without specifying Dumper, it uses the standard Dumper. However, sometimes the default can be set by the yaml module's default_type, but I think in most cases, the user can pass Dumper=None and it would still use the default. So the code as written should work.

Wait, but the function's name is _dump_string, which suggests it's an internal function. Maybe the dumper parameter is supposed to be an instance? Or is it a class? Because in PyYAML, the Dumper is a class, not an instance. So perhaps the parameter here is the Dumper class. So the code is okay.

Therefore, the correct code is simply to import yaml and return yaml.dump with the obj and Dumper set to the dumper argument. That should handle both cases where dumper is provided or not. So the code would be as I first thought.

Wait, but let me make sure there are no other required parameters. The function's docstring says it returns a YAML stream, so the parameters like allow_unicode or others can be left to their defaults. The user isn't specifying any of those, so the function just uses the standard dump with the given Dumper.

Yes, so the code is straightforward. I think that's all. The function just wraps yaml.dump, passing the dumper as the Dumper keyword. So the code would be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

Hmm, but maybe the user expects the dumper to be an optional argument, so when it's not given, the default is used. That's exactly what this does. So that should work. I think that's the correct code.
