Okay, I need to write a Python function called oneline that takes a script string and a separator, which defaults to " && ", and converts the script into a one-line command using that separator. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function's purpose is to take a multi-line script and join all the lines into a single line, with each command separated by the given separator. So, the main steps would be to split the script into individual lines, then join them with the separator.

Wait, but how do I split the script into lines? The script is a string, so splitting on newlines makes sense. Using splitlines() might be better than splitting on '\n' because it handles different line endings, like \r\n as well. So script.splitlines() would give me a list of each line.

Then, I need to join these lines with the separator. The separator is provided, so the join method would use that. But I have to make sure that empty lines are not included. Because if the script has empty lines, those would just add the separator unnecessarily. So maybe I should filter out any empty strings in the lines list.

Wait, the problem statement says "convert a script to one line command with the given separator". Does that mean that each line is a command, and we need to join non-empty lines with the separator? Probably. So first, split into lines, then remove any lines that are empty (like just a newline character), then join them with the separator.

So the steps are:

1. Split the input script into lines.
2. Strip each line of whitespace? Or just check if the line is not empty?
Hmm, maybe just check if the line is not empty. So, for each line in the split list, if line.strip() is not empty, include it. Or perhaps just if the line is not empty (so lines that are just whitespace would be excluded too). Let me think. The user probably wants to ignore any lines that are blank, so trimming whitespace first might be better. Like, if a line has only spaces or tabs, it's considered empty and should be skipped.

Alternatively, maybe just take all non-empty lines as they are. The function's docstring doesn't specify to ignore whitespace-only lines, so maybe just check if the line is not empty (i.e., line != ''). But maybe the user expects that. Let me see the examples.

Wait, the problem doesn't give examples. Hmm. Well, the safest approach is to split into lines and then filter out any lines that are empty (i.e., only contain whitespace or are entirely empty). Or perhaps just remove lines that are entirely whitespace. Let me think of possible cases.

Suppose the script is:

"echo hello\n\necho world"

Splitting into lines would give ['echo hello', '', 'echo world']. The empty line in the middle should be excluded. So in the list comprehension, we can do [line for line in script.splitlines() if line.strip()]

Wait, that's a good way. So for each line in the split lines, if line.strip() returns a non-empty string, then include it. So that way, lines with just spaces or tabs are also excluded.

Then, once the filtered list is created, we can join them with the separator.

So putting this together, the code would be something like:

def oneline(script, separator=" && "):
    lines = script.splitlines()
    filtered = [line for line in lines if line.strip()]
    return separator.join(filtered)

Wait, but what if the script is empty? Then, the filtered list is empty, and joining would return an empty string. That's correct.

Let me check possible edge cases. Suppose the script has one line. Then it's just returned as is. If multiple lines with some empty ones, they get joined with the separator. That seems right.

Another thing: the function's arguments. The first argument is 'script' which is a string, and the separator is a string. The return is a string. The code should handle that.

Wait, the docstring says the args are script: str and separator: str, so the code is correct.

Hmm, I think that's the solution. Let me make sure I didn't miss anything. The function's name is oneline, and the parameters are script and separator. The code splits into lines, filters out the empty ones (after stripping), then joins with the separator. That should work.
