Okay, I need to write a Python function called xml_children_as_dict that takes an XML node as input and returns a dictionary where the keys are the tag names of the node's children. Hmm, let's see. The function's docstring says to turn the children into a dict keyed by tag name. 

First, I should figure out how to access the children of an XML node. I remember that in ElementTree, each element has an 'iter' method, maybe I can use that. Or perhaps the 'getchildren()' method, but wait, I think getchildren is deprecated in more recent versions. Oh right, in the standard ElementTree, the children are accessed via the element's .iter() or just iterating through the element directly. But to get all children, maybe I should loop through node's .iter() and check the tag each time.

Wait, but the function's parameter is a node, so perhaps it's using the Element class from xml.etree.ElementTree. The children are elements under this node. So I need to go through each child element and map their tag names to their corresponding elements or values?

Wait, the problem says to turn the children into a dict keyed by tag name. So each key in the dict is the tag of a child element, and the value would be that element. But what if there are multiple children with the same tag? Then the dictionary would overwrite the previous entry. Should the function handle that by making a list of elements for each tag? The docstring doesn't mention that, so maybe just take the first occurrence or the last? Or maybe in the context of XML, the children are expected to have unique tags? Not sure. The problem statement doesn't specify, so I'll assume that each tag is unique, or just proceed to use the last one if there are duplicates. But perhaps the correct approach is to collect all children, and for each, add them to the dict. If a tag is duplicated, the later one will replace the earlier, or vice versa? Or maybe the function should just return the first occurrence? The docstring is a bit ambiguous here, but since the instruction says to turn the children into a dict keyed by tag name, I'll proceed by overwriting, so the last child with the same tag will be in the dict. Alternatively, maybe the user expects each tag to be unique, so the function can just proceed normally.

Alternatively, maybe the function should return a list for each tag if there are multiple children with the same name. But the problem says "keyed by tag name", so perhaps each key is the tag, and the value is the element (or maybe its text). Wait, looking at the docstring again: it says "Turn the children of node into a dict, keyed by tag name." So probably, each child's tag is the key, and the value is the child element itself. So the function should loop through all the direct children of the node, and for each child, add to the dictionary with the key as the child.tag. But if two children have the same tag, they will overwrite each other. So the function may lose some elements. But since that's the requirement, proceed.

So, first, I need to import the necessary modules. Wait, the user didn't mention any imports, but maybe the function is part of a codebase that already has the ElementTree elements. Since the function is supposed to process an XML node, perhaps the node is an instance of Element. The function itself might not need any imports if it's using standard methods.

The code structure would be something like:

def xml_children_as_dict(node):
    result = {}
    for child in node:
        result[child.tag] = child
    return result

Wait, wait. Wait, in ElementTree, each element's children can be accessed by iterating through the node directly. Like for child in node: ... So that's probably the right way. So the code would be as simple as that. Because each child is an Element, and we just map their tags to the elements. So that's the straightforward approach.

Alternatively, maybe the function expects the text content of the child instead of the element. But the problem says "children ... into a dict", so the elements themselves are the values. Let me check the problem again. The function's description says "keyed by tag name", so the keys are the tag names, the values are the child elements. So that code would work.

Wait, but maybe the user wants the children's tag names as keys and their text or attributes as the value? But the problem's description isn't specific. The docstring says "Turn the children into a dict, keyed by tag name". So the most direct interpretation is that each child is stored in the dict under their tag. So the function is just creating a dictionary from the children's tags and their elements.

Therefore, the code is as above. Let me test this in my mind. Suppose a node has two children: one with tag 'a' and another with 'b', then the dict would have keys 'a' and 'b', each pointing to their respective elements. If there are two children with the same tag, like 'a' and 'a', then the second one would replace the first in the dictionary, since the key is the same. But perhaps that's the intended behavior. The problem didn't mention handling duplicates, so this code should be okay.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return a dictionary where each key's value is a list of children with that tag. In that case, the code would need to check if the key exists and append. But the problem's wording doesn't indicate that. The user might have a specific use case, but given the information, the simplest approach is to just map each child's tag to the element.

So I think the code is straightforward. Let me write it.
