
Okay, I need to write a Python function called files_list_from_zipfile that takes a zip_path as an argument and returns the list of files in that zipfile. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that Python has a zipfile module which can be used to handle zip files. So I should import that. The function needs to open the zip file, probably using ZipFile from zipfile. Then, it should list all the files inside. Wait, the ZipFile class has a method called namelist(), which returns a list of all the file names in the archive. That sounds perfect for this task.

So the steps are: open the zip file in read mode, get the list of names using namelist(), and return that list. But I need to make sure that the zip file is properly closed after reading. Using a context manager with 'with' statement would be a good idea here. That way, the file is automatically closed when the block exits.

Let me structure the code. The function will take zip_path as a parameter. Inside the function, I'll use the with statement to open the zip file. Then, create a ZipFile object, and call namelist() on it. Return the result.

Wait, what if the zip file is password-protected? The problem doesn't mention handling passwords, so I'll assume it's not. Also, need to handle exceptions? The docstring doesn't specify error handling, so maybe just proceed normally and let any exceptions propagate.

So the code would be:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zip_ref:
        return zip_ref.namelist()

That's straightforward. Let me check if there's anything else. The function is supposed to return the files in the given zip path. The namelist() method does return all the files and directories inside the zip. But maybe the user wants only files, not directories? The docstring says "files", but the zipfile's namelist includes directories as well. However, the problem statement doesn't specify filtering out directories, so I think returning the list as is is correct.

Another thing: the parameter is zip_path, which should be a string. The code uses that to open the ZipFile. So that's correct. I think this should work.
