
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called is_valid and is part of a class. The docstring says that it returns True always, but they want me to follow a test-driven development approach.

First, I need to understand the problem. The function is supposed to check if an identifier is valid. But the current implementation always returns True. The user probably wants me to write the actual implementation, but since the docstring says always return True, maybe they want a basic implementation that passes the tests.

Wait, the user's instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. The docstring is already provided as a base implementation that returns True always. But maybe the actual code needs to be written, but according to the docstring, it's always True. So perhaps the user wants the code to return True always, but maybe there's a test that expects that.

But the user's tip says to generate unit tests first. So maybe the actual code is supposed to be written, but the docstring is as given. However, the function's docstring says "always return True", so the code should just return True.

Wait, the function is part of a class. The docstring is for the method is_valid. So the code should be a method that returns True always. So the code would be straightforward.

So the code would be:

def is_valid(self, identifier):
    return True

But the user wants the output to be in Python markdown format, which I think refers to code blocks. So the answer should be the code in a code block.

But the user's example shows that the output should be the code generated, not the tests. Wait, the user's instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. The function's docstring is already given, but the code needs to be written. However, the docstring says always return True. So the code is simply returning True.

So the code is just that line. But maybe the user expects that the code is written as per the docstring. But since the docstring says always return True, the code is straightforward.

Therefore, the correct code is the method that returns True. So the answer is the code in a code block.
