
Okay, let's see. I need to generate Python code for the function file_to_textbuffer that loads a file into a text buffer. The function signature is given with parameters file_name and encoding. The docstring says it loads a file into a text buffer.

First, I should think about what a text buffer might be. Maybe it's a buffer that holds the content of the file. So the function should read the file and return the content as a string or some buffer object. But since the docstring doesn't specify the return type, I'll assume it returns the content as a string.

The function needs to handle the file reading. So I'll need to open the file using the given encoding. But wait, the encoding parameter is provided, so I should use that. Also, I need to handle possible errors, like file not found or encoding issues. However, the problem doesn't mention error handling, so maybe the function just reads the file and returns the content.

So the steps are: open the file with the given encoding, read its contents, and return that as a string.

Let me write the code. Using the open function, specifying the encoding. Then reading the contents with .read(). Then return that.

Wait, but in Python, the open function returns a file object. So maybe I should use .read() on that. So the code would be:

def file_to_textbuffer(file_name, encoding):
    with open(file_name, encoding=encoding) as file:
        return file.read()

But wait, the docstring says "load a file toward a text buffer". Maybe the buffer is a StringIO or something else. But since the function is supposed to return the content, perhaps the buffer is just the content as a string. So the code above should work.

Testing the function: if the file exists and encoding is correct, it returns the content. If not, maybe it raises an exception. But the problem doesn't mention handling exceptions, so the function may not handle them. The user might expect that the function will raise errors if the file isn't found or encoding is invalid. But since the problem doesn't specify, perhaps the function just reads the file and returns the content, assuming that the file exists and encoding is valid.

So the code is straightforward. The function opens the file, reads it, and returns the content. That's it.
