
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function is_fill_request_el based on the given docstring. Let me start by understanding the problem.

The function is supposed to check if an object has the 'fill' and 'request' attributes. So, the goal is to determine if both of these attributes exist in the given object.

First, I should think about how to check if an attribute exists in an object. In Python, you can check if an attribute is present using the hasattr() function. So, the function would check if hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'request'). If both are true, return True; otherwise, False.

Wait, but the docstring says "Check whether the obj class has the fill and request attributes." Wait, does that mean the attributes are present in the object's class, not the object itself? Or is it the object's attributes? The wording is a bit ambiguous. But the function is called is_fill_request_el(obj), which suggests that the function is checking the object's attributes. Because if it were checking the class, the function would probably be named something like is_class_fill_request_el, but the given name is is_fill_request_el, which implies the object.

So, the function should check if the object has the 'fill' and 'request' attributes. So, the code would be something like:

return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'request')

But I need to make sure that the function is correctly implemented. Let me think about possible edge cases. For example, if the object is None, but the function is called with obj as None, then hasattr(None, 'fill') would return False. But the function's docstring doesn't mention handling None, so perhaps the function is supposed to work for any object that has those attributes.

So the code would be straightforward. The function returns True if both attributes exist, False otherwise.

Now, I need to write this as a Python function. The function is called is_fill_request_el, and it takes one argument, obj. The docstring is as given.

So the code would be:

def is_fill_request_el(obj):
    """
    Check whether the obj class has the fill and request attributes.
    """
    return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'request')

Wait, but the docstring says "the obj class has the fill and request attributes." Wait, that's a bit confusing. Because the function is checking the object's attributes, not the class's. But maybe the docstring is a bit misleading. However, the function's name suggests that it's checking the object's attributes. So the code is correct as written.

But perhaps the docstring is actually checking if the class has those attributes. But that would be a different function. But given the function name, I think the code is correct.

So the generated code is as above. Let me make sure there are no typos. The function returns the conjunction of the two hasattr checks. Yes.

So the final code is as written.
