
Okay, I need to generate a Python function called get_versions() that retrieves version information. The docstring says that if it can't get the version, the default value is returned. But wait, the problem statement isn't clear on what the default value is. Maybe the default is something like 'unknown' or a specific string?

Hmm, the function is supposed to obtain version info. Maybe it's related to a package or a module? But the function isn't given any parameters. Oh, right, the function doesn't take any parameters. So it's likely that the function is supposed to retrieve the version from a module or a package, but how?

Wait, maybe the function is part of a larger application, and the version is stored in a module. For example, if there's a module named __version__ or something similar. But the function isn't given any parameters, so it's up to the code to figure out how to get the version.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return a default value if the version can't be obtained. But without knowing what the default is, I need to make an assumption. Maybe the default is 'unknown' or some other string.

Wait, looking back at the problem statement: the function's docstring says "If the version information cannot be obtained, the default value is returned." But the problem doesn't specify what the default value is. So perhaps the default is a specific value, like 'unknown', or maybe it's supposed to return None? But the function's return type isn't specified.

Hmm, this is a bit ambiguous. But since the user hasn't provided the default value, maybe I should assume that the default is 'unknown' or perhaps return None. But the problem says "the default value is returned," so maybe the function returns None if it can't get the version, and some other value otherwise.

Wait, maybe the function is supposed to return the version from a specific source. For example, if the version is stored in a variable, like VERSION, but that's not specified. Alternatively, maybe it's part of a package, like in a module called version.py, and the function is supposed to read from that.

But since the function isn't given any parameters, maybe the code is supposed to read the version from a module. For example, if there's a module named version_info, and the function reads from that. But without knowing the exact implementation, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return the version from the __version__ attribute of the current module. For example, in a module, you can have __version__ = '1.0.0', and the function would return that.

But the problem says "the version information cannot be obtained," so perhaps the function is supposed to try to get it from a module, and if that fails, return a default.

But since the user hasn't provided the actual code, I need to generate the function based on the given docstring.

So, the function get_versions() needs to return the version info. The default is returned if it can't be obtained. But what is the default?

Maybe the default is 'unknown' or some other string. Let's assume that the default is 'unknown' for the purpose of this function.

So, the code would try to get the version from a module, say, from the current module's __version__ attribute. If that's not available, return 'unknown'.

But how to implement that?

Here's a possible approach:

def get_versions():
    try:
        # Try to get the version from the current module's __version__
        return __version__
    except AttributeError:
        return 'unknown'

But wait, the __version__ attribute is part of the module, so if the module doesn't have it, this would raise an error. So the function would return 'unknown' in that case.

But the problem says "the version information cannot be obtained," so this seems to fit.

But the problem doesn't specify what the default is. However, since the user hasn't provided it, I have to make an assumption. So, the default is 'unknown'.

So the code would be:

def get_versions():
    """
    Obtains the version information. If the version information cannot be obtained, the default value is returned.
    """
    try:
        return __version__
    except AttributeError:
        return 'unknown'

But wait, maybe the function is supposed to return a specific value, like 'v1.0.0' or something else. But without knowing, I can't be sure. However, the problem says "the default value is returned," so the default is probably a string like 'unknown' or None.

Alternatively, maybe the default is None, but that's not specified. But in Python, if you try to access __version__ and it's not there, you get an AttributeError. So returning 'unknown' is a common default.

So the code would be as above.

But the problem says "the version information cannot be obtained," so the function returns the default. So the code would try to get the version, and if it can't, return the default.

Therefore, the code is as written.
