
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the function append_text_to_file based on the given signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding the parameters and what the function is supposed to do.

The function takes file_name, text_buffer, encoding, and overwrite as parameters. The docstring says it writes the data in the text buffer to a file. So the main task is to write the contents of text_buffer to the specified file, handling encoding and overwriting.

First, I need to open the file in the appropriate mode. If overwrite is True, we should open it in write mode (w), which truncates the file. If False, we should open it in append mode (a) so that the text is added to the end. But wait, if overwrite is False, does that mean we want to append? Or maybe the function is supposed to overwrite if the file exists, but append otherwise? The docstring says "overwrite=False" which probably means that when overwrite is False, the file is appended. So the mode would be 'a' if overwrite is False, and 'w' if True.

But wait, the parameter is called overwrite, which is a boolean. So the function should open the file in 'w' mode if overwrite is True, and in 'a' mode if False. But what if the file doesn't exist? Well, the function is supposed to handle that, but the problem statement doesn't mention handling that. So perhaps the function assumes that the file exists and that the encoding is correct.

So the steps are:

1. Open the file with the appropriate mode based on overwrite.
2. Write the text_buffer to the file.
3. Close the file.

But wait, the text_buffer is a string? Or maybe it's a buffer that needs to be written. The function's parameters are file_name, text_buffer, encoding, overwrite. So text_buffer is the content to write. So the function should write the text_buffer to the file.

So the code would be something like:

with open(file_name, 'w' if overwrite else 'a', encoding=encoding) as file:
    file.write(text_buffer)

But wait, the 'with' statement is used to ensure the file is closed properly. Also, the encoding parameter is passed to the open function.

But what if the encoding is not specified? The docstring says that encoding is a parameter, so the function should handle it. So the code would use the encoding parameter.

So putting it all together:

def append_text_to_file(file_name, text_buffer, encoding, overwrite=False):
    with open(file_name, 'w' if overwrite else 'a', encoding=encoding) as file:
        file.write(text_buffer)

Wait, but the 'w' mode truncates the file. If overwrite is False, then 'a' mode is used, which appends. So that's correct.

But what if the file doesn't exist? The function would create it if it doesn't exist when using 'w' mode. But the problem statement doesn't mention handling that, so perhaps that's acceptable.

Testing the function: if overwrite is True, the file is written over. If False, it's appended.

So the code should be as above. Let me check the parameters again. The function parameters are file_name, text_buffer, encoding, overwrite. The code uses the encoding parameter in the open call. That's correct.

So the generated code is as written.
