
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called _c_optimizations_ignored and returns True if the "PURE_PYTHON" environment variable is not None and not zero, else False.

First, I need to understand the function's purpose. The docstring says it checks if the "PURE_PYTHON" environ variable is not None and not zero. So, the function needs to check two conditions: the variable exists and is not equal to zero.

In Python, to check the environment variables, I can use os.environ. But wait, the function is supposed to be part of a module, maybe? The function name is underscored, so perhaps it's a helper function. But the user hasn't provided the module context, so I'll assume it's a standalone function.

So, the code would look something like this:

import os

def _c_optimizations_ignored():
    return os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") is not None and os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] != "0"

Wait, but the docstring says "not none and not 0". So, the variable must be present and not equal to "0". But what if the variable is set to a string "0"? Then the condition would be true. But if it's set to a numeric 0, then it's false. But the docstring says "not 0", so maybe the variable is expected to be a string. But the function is supposed to return True if the variable is not None and not equal to "0".

But the problem is, the function is supposed to return True if the variable is not None and not 0. However, the environment variable could be set to a numeric 0, but in Python, if it's a string, then comparing to "0" would work. But if it's a numeric 0, then comparing to 0 would be true. But the docstring says "not 0", so maybe the function is intended to check if the value is not zero, regardless of the type. But that's a bit ambiguous.

Wait, the docstring says "not none and not 0". So, the function returns True if the environ variable is present (not None) and its value is not zero. But how is the value stored? If the variable is set to "0", then the condition is true. If it's set to 0, then the condition is false. But the function is supposed to return True if the value is not zero. So, the function should check if the value is not equal to "0" (as a string) or not equal to 0 (as a number). But that's not clear.

Wait, the function's docstring says "not none and not 0". So, the function returns True if the environ variable is present (not None) and the value is not zero. But how is the value stored? If the variable is set to "0", then it's considered zero. If it's set to 0, then it's considered zero. But in Python, if the variable is set to a numeric 0, then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] would be "0" if it's a string, or 0 if it's a number. Wait, no. The environment variables are stored as strings. So, if the variable is set to "0", then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] would be "0", and comparing to "0" would be true. If it's set to 0 (as a numeric value), then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] would be "0" (since the environment variable is a string). Wait, no. The environment variables are stored as strings. So, if you set an environment variable with a numeric value, like PURPYTHON=0, then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] would be "0". So, the function would check if the value is not "0". But the docstring says "not 0", which is ambiguous.

But the function is supposed to return True if the variable is present and not zero. So, the function should check if the variable is present (not None) and the value is not "0". But the problem is, if the variable is set to a numeric 0, then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] would be "0", and comparing to "0" would be true. So, the function would return True in that case. But according to the docstring, it's supposed to return True if the value is not zero. So, perhaps the function is intended to check if the value is not "0" (as a string), but that's not clear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to check if the value is not zero, regardless of the type. But in Python, if the environment variable is set to a numeric 0, then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] would be "0" (as a string), so comparing to "0" would be true. So, the function would return True in that case. But the docstring says "not 0", which is ambiguous.

But the user's docstring says "not none and not 0", so the function returns True if the variable is present and not zero. So, the code should check if the variable is present (not None) and the value is not zero. But how to check that?

In Python, if the variable is set to a string "0", then the value is "0", which is not zero. If it's set to 0 (as a numeric value), then the value is "0" (as a string), so comparing to "0" would be true. So, the function would return True in both cases. But according to the docstring, it's supposed to return True if the value is not zero. So, perhaps the function is intended to check if the value is not "0" (as a string), but that's not clear.

Wait, maybe the function is supposed to check if the value is not zero, but the environment variable is set as a string. So, if the variable is set to "0", then it's considered zero, and the function returns False. If it's set to "1", then it's considered non-zero, and returns True. But if the variable is set to 0 (as a numeric value), then the function would return True because the value is "0" (as a string). So, the function would return True in that case.

But the docstring says "not 0", which is ambiguous. However, the user's docstring says "not none and not 0", so the function returns True if the variable is present and not zero. So, the code should check if the variable is present (not None) and the value is not zero. But how to check that?

In Python, if the variable is set to a string "0", then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] is "0", which is not zero. If it's set to 0 (as a numeric value), then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] is "0" (as a string), so comparing to "0" would be true. So, the function would return True in that case. But according to the docstring, it's supposed to return True if the value is not zero. So, the function would return True in both cases. But the docstring says "not 0", which is ambiguous.

But perhaps the function is intended to check if the value is not "0" (as a string). So, the code would be:

return os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") is not None and os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] != "0"

But then, if the variable is set to 0 (as a numeric value), then the value is "0", so the condition would be true. But according to the docstring, it's supposed to return True if the value is not zero. So, this code would return True for both cases where the value is "0" (as a string) or 0 (as a numeric value). But the docstring says "not 0", which is ambiguous.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check if the value is not zero, regardless of the type. So, the code would check if the value is not "0" (as a string) or not 0 (as a numeric value). But how to do that?

In Python, if the variable is set to a numeric 0, then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] would be "0" (as a string), so comparing to "0" would be true. So, the function would return True in that case. But according to the docstring, it's supposed to return True if the value is not zero. So, the function would return True in both cases.

But the user's docstring says "not none and not 0", so the code should check if the variable is present and the value is not zero. So, the code would be:

return os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") is not None and int(os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"]) != 0

But then, if the variable is set to "0", then int("0") is 0, so the condition would be false. If it's set to "1", then it's true. If it's set to 0 (as a numeric value), then os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] is "0", so int("0") is 0, so the condition is false. So, this code would return True only if the value is not "0" (as a string) or not 0 (as a numeric value). But that's not what the docstring says.

Hmm. The docstring is a bit ambiguous. But given the function's purpose, the code should check if the variable is present and the value is not zero. So, the code would be:

import os

def _c_optimizations_ignored():
    env_var = os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON")
    return env_var is not None and env_var != "0"

But then, if the variable is set to 0 (as a numeric value), then env_var is "0", so the condition is true. But according to the docstring, it's supposed to return True if the value is not zero. So, this code would return True in that case, which is correct.

But if the variable is set to "0", then it's considered zero, and the function returns False. Which is correct.

So, the code would be as above. But the user's docstring says "not none and not 0", so the code checks if the variable is present and not equal to "0".

Therefore, the code is:

import os

def _c_optimizations_ignored():
    return os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") is not None and os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] != "0"

But wait, the function is supposed to return True if the variable is not None and not 0. So, the code checks if the variable is present and not equal to "0". So, this code should work.

But what if the variable is set to a numeric 0? Then, os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] is "0", so the condition is true. But according to the docstring, it's supposed to return True if the value is not zero. So, this code would return True in that case, which is correct.

Therefore, the code is as above.

Now, the user wants the code generated, in Python markdown format. So, the answer should be the code, not the explanation. So, the final code is:

import os

def _c_optimizations_ignored():
    return os.environ.get("PURE_PYTHON") is not None and os.environ["PURE_PYTHON"] != "0"

But the user might want the code to be in a module, but since the function is standalone, it's okay.

So, the generated code is as above.
