
Okay, I need to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called directlyProvidedBy, and it returns an IDeclaration. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the docstring says it returns an IDeclaration. So the function is supposed to return an interface declaration. But the actual implementation is missing. The user wants me to generate the code, but since the function is abstract, maybe I need to create a mock or a placeholder?

Wait, the problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. The function is supposed to return an IDeclaration. But in Python, interfaces are usually handled with zope.interface. So maybe the function is part of a larger system, and the actual implementation is not provided.

But the user wants me to write the code. However, since the function is abstract, maybe the code is supposed to be a mock. But how?

Wait, the function's purpose is to return an IDeclaration. So perhaps the code is supposed to return an instance of IDeclaration. But how to represent that in Python?

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a class, and the code is to be written as a method. But the function is standalone.

Wait, the function is defined as def directlyProvidedBy(object):, and the docstring says it returns an IDeclaration. So perhaps the code is supposed to return an IDeclaration instance. But how to represent that in Python?

Wait, maybe the actual implementation is to return a mock IDeclaration. But since the user hasn't provided any code, maybe the answer is to return a placeholder.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a larger system, and the code is to be written as a method. But without more context, it's hard to tell.

Wait, the user's instruction says to generate Python code based on the function signature and docstring. So perhaps the code is to be written as a function that returns an IDeclaration. But since the actual implementation is not provided, maybe the code is a mock.

But how to represent an IDeclaration in Python? Maybe the code is to return a mock instance. However, the user might expect that the code is written in a way that uses zope.interface.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return a specific type, like a dictionary or a class. But the docstring says it returns an IDeclaration, which is an interface declaration.

Wait, maybe the code is supposed to return a mock IDeclaration. For example, using the zope.interface library, but since the user hasn't provided any code, perhaps the answer is to return a mock instance.

But how to write that in Python? Let's think. The IDeclaration interface is part of zope.interface. So perhaps the code is to return an instance of that interface.

But since the user hasn't provided any code, maybe the answer is to return a mock instance. For example:

return IDeclaration()

But in Python, that would be a placeholder. However, the user might expect that the code is written in a way that uses the zope.interface library.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a class, and the code is to be written as a method. But the function is standalone.

Hmm. Since the user hasn't provided any code, maybe the answer is to return a mock IDeclaration. So the code would be:

def directlyProvidedBy(object):
    """Return the interfaces directly provided by the given object."""
    return IDeclaration()

But wait, the IDeclaration is an interface, so maybe the code is supposed to return an instance of that interface. But how to represent that in Python?

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return a dictionary or a class that represents the interfaces. But without more info, it's hard to tell.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a larger system, and the code is to be written as a method. But again, without more context, it's hard to tell.

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the best approach is to return a mock IDeclaration instance. So the code would be:

def directlyProvidedBy(object):
    """Return the interfaces directly provided by the given object."""
    return IDeclaration()

But in Python, IDeclaration is a class from zope.interface. So the code would need to import that. However, the user hasn't provided any code, so maybe the answer is to return a mock.

But the user's instruction says to output only the code generated. So the code would be the function definition with the return statement.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return a specific type, like a dictionary. But the docstring says IDeclaration.

So, the code would be:

def directlyProvidedBy(object):
    """
    Return the interfaces directly provided by the given object.

    The value returned is an `~zope.interface.interfaces.IDeclaration`.
    """
    return IDeclaration()

But the user might expect that IDeclaration is a class, so the code would need to import it. However, since the user hasn't provided any code, perhaps the answer is to return a mock.

But since the user wants the code generated, perhaps the answer is to return a mock IDeclaration instance.

So the final code would be the function with the return statement.
