
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the function _dump_string based on the given docstring. Let me start by understanding the problem.

The function is supposed to serialize a Python object into a YAML stream. The parameters are 'obj' and 'dumper', which is optional. The docstring says that 'dumper' is used to serialize the object, but it's not clear what kind of dumper is expected. Since the function is named _dump_string, maybe it's part of a class, but the user hasn't provided that. Wait, the function is standalone, right? Because the docstring doesn't mention a class.

So, the function needs to take an object and serialize it into a YAML stream. The default dumper is None, which probably means that if not provided, it uses the default YAML dumper. But how to handle that in Python?

In Python, the PyYAML library is commonly used for YAML serialization. The default dumper is from PyYAML's dumper. So, the function would need to use that.

But the function is called _dump_string, which suggests that it's part of a class, maybe a utility class. However, the user hasn't provided that. So, perhaps the function is standalone, and the dumper is a parameter that's used to customize the serialization.

Wait, the function's docstring says that 'dumper' is an argument. But in Python, the dumper is usually a class or an instance. However, the function is supposed to take 'dumper' as an argument. So, perhaps the function is part of a class, and the 'dumper' is an instance variable or a parameter to the function.

But the user hasn't provided the class definition. So, perhaps the function is standalone, and the 'dumper' is a parameter that's used to serialize the object. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a class, and the 'dumper' is a parameter that's used to customize the serialization. But without knowing the class, it's hard to say.

Wait, the function is supposed to generate code based on the given function signature and docstring. The user hasn't provided any other code, so I have to assume that the function is standalone.

So, the function _dump_string takes 'obj' and 'dumper' (optional). The goal is to serialize the object into a YAML stream using the provided dumper.

But how to implement that? Well, the standard way would be to use the PyYAML library. So, the function would need to use the dumper to serialize the object.

But the function's parameters are 'obj' and 'dumper'. So, the code would need to use the dumper to serialize the object. However, the dumper is not a parameter that's used in the standard YAML serialization. Wait, in PyYAML, the dumper is usually an instance of a dumper class. So, perhaps the function is supposed to take a dumper instance, and use it to serialize the object.

But the function's docstring says that 'dumper' is optional. So, if it's not provided, the default dumper is used.

So, the code would need to import the necessary modules, like yaml, and then use the dumper to serialize the object.

But how to handle the dumper? For example, if the dumper is a class, then the function would need to instantiate it and use it. But the function's parameters are 'dumper' and 'obj'.

Wait, maybe the function is part of a class, and the 'dumper' is an instance variable. But since the user hasn't provided that, perhaps the function is standalone.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to use the default dumper, and the 'dumper' parameter is just a way to pass in a custom dumper. But without knowing the class, it's hard to say.

But the user's instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. So, the code must implement the function as per the given signature and docstring.

So, the code would need to:

1. Import the necessary modules, like yaml.
2. Use the dumper to serialize the object.
3. Return the YAML stream.

But how to handle the dumper? For example, if the dumper is a class, then the function would need to instantiate it. But since the function is standalone, perhaps the dumper is a parameter that's used to customize the serialization.

Wait, maybe the function is part of a class, and the 'dumper' is an instance variable. But since the user hasn't provided that, perhaps the function is standalone, and the 'dumper' is a parameter that's used to serialize the object.

But in that case, the code would need to use the dumper to serialize the object. However, without knowing the dumper's implementation, it's hard to proceed.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to use the default dumper, and the 'dumper' parameter is just a way to pass in a custom dumper. But since the user hasn't provided any other code, perhaps the function is supposed to use the default dumper.

So, the code would look like this:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    if dumper is None:
        dumper = yaml.default_dumper
    return yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper)

But wait, the function is supposed to return a YAML stream. So, the code would need to return the serialized string.

But the function's return type is a YAML stream. So, the code would return the serialized string.

But in Python, the yaml.dump() function returns a string, so that's correct.

But the function's docstring says that the return is a YAML stream. So, the code would return the string.

But the user might expect that the function returns a stream, but in Python, the yaml.dump() returns a string. So, perhaps the function is supposed to return the string.

So, the code would be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    if dumper is None:
        dumper = yaml.default_dumper
    return yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper)

But wait, the function's parameters are 'obj' and 'dumper'. So, the code would need to use the dumper to serialize the object.

But the problem is that the dumper is not a parameter that's used in the standard YAML serialization. So, perhaps the function is part of a class, and the 'dumper' is an instance variable. But since the user hasn't provided that, perhaps the function is standalone.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to use the default dumper, and the 'dumper' parameter is just a way to pass in a custom dumper. But without knowing the class, it's hard to say.

But given the information, the code would need to use the dumper to serialize the object. So, the code would be as above.

But the user's example shows that the function is supposed to generate code, so the code would be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    if dumper is None:
        dumper = yaml.default_dumper
    return yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper)

But wait, the function's docstring says that the return is a YAML stream. So, the code returns a string, which is a YAML stream.

But perhaps the user expects that the function returns a stream, but in Python, the yaml.dump() returns a string. So, that's acceptable.

So, the code would be as above.

But I need to make sure that the code is correct. Let me check.

Yes, the code imports yaml, defines the function, and uses the dumper to serialize the object. If the dumper is not provided, it uses the default one.

So, that's the code.
