
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function make_find_paths. Let me look at the docstring again. The function takes a sequence of paths and transforms each into a glob pattern. Existing patterns are left untouched. The return type is a tuple of transformed paths.

First, I need to figure out how to convert each path into a glob pattern. Python's glob module has functions like glob.escape, but maybe that's not sufficient. Wait, the glob module's escape function escapes special characters, but maybe for the purposes of this function, we need to convert each path to a glob pattern. For example, a path like 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt', but if there's a directory like 'dir/file.txt', it should become 'dir/file.txt'.

Wait, the function's docstring says "transform all path into glob patterns. Pass through existing patterns untouched." So, the existing patterns are left as is. So, the function needs to take each path in the input sequence and convert it into a glob pattern, but if it's already a glob pattern, return it as is.

So, the key is to convert each path into a glob pattern. How to do that?

In Python, the glob module's glob.escape function can be used. For example, glob.escape('file.txt') returns 'file.txt', which is correct. But what about paths with special characters? Like 'file.txt' is okay, but something like 'file?txt' would be escaped as 'file?txt' (since the question mark is not a special character in glob patterns). Wait, no. The glob module's escape function escapes special characters. For example, 'file*txt' would become 'file*txt' (since * is not a special character in glob). Wait, no. Wait, the glob module's escape function is used to escape characters that are special in glob patterns. For example, if you have a string like 'file*txt', and you call glob.escape on it, it would return 'file*txt' because * is not a special character in glob. But if you have a string like 'file.txt', it would be escaped as 'file.txt' as well. Wait, maybe the escape function is not the right approach here.

Alternatively, maybe the function needs to convert each path into a glob pattern by replacing certain characters. For example, the glob pattern for a path is created by replacing each component with a glob pattern. But how?

Wait, the problem says to transform each path into a glob pattern. So, perhaps the function needs to take each path and convert it into a glob pattern. For example, if the path is 'file.txt', the glob pattern is 'file.txt'. If the path is 'file/dir.txt', the glob pattern is 'file/dir.txt'.

But how to do that? Maybe using the glob module's glob.escape function. Let me check.

The glob module's escape function takes a string and returns a string with special characters escaped. For example, 'file*txt' would become 'file*txt' (since * is not a special character in glob). But if the path is 'file?txt', it would become 'file?txt' (since ? is not a special character in glob). Wait, but in glob patterns, ? is a wildcard. So, the escape function would not escape it. So, maybe the escape function is not the right approach here.

Alternatively, maybe the function needs to replace each component of the path with a glob pattern. For example, splitting the path into parts and then replacing each part with a glob pattern. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to take each path and convert it into a glob pattern by using the glob module's glob.escape function. But I need to verify.

Let me think of some examples.

Example 1: Path is 'file.txt' → glob pattern is 'file.txt'.

Example 2: Path is 'file/dir.txt' → glob pattern is 'file/dir.txt'.

Example 3: Path is 'file*dir.txt' → glob pattern is 'file*dir.txt'.

But if the path is 'file*dir.txt', then the glob pattern is already correct. So, the function needs to convert each path into a glob pattern, but leave existing ones untouched.

So, the approach would be to take each path in the input list, and for each path, convert it into a glob pattern. How to do that?

In Python, the glob module's glob.escape function can be used. Let me check the documentation. The glob.escape function is used to escape characters that are special in glob patterns. For example, if you have a string like 'file*dir.txt', then glob.escape would return 'file*dir.txt' (since * is not a special character in glob). But if you have a string like 'file?dir.txt', then glob.escape would return 'file?dir.txt' (since ? is not a special character in glob). Wait, but in glob patterns, ? is a wildcard. So, the escape function would not escape it. So, perhaps the escape function is not the right approach here.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to use the glob module's glob.escape function. But then, for paths that are already glob patterns, the function would return them as is. But how does the escape function handle that?

Wait, the escape function is supposed to escape characters that are special in glob patterns. So, for example, if you have a string like 'file.txt', the escape function would return 'file.txt' (since . and * are not special in glob patterns). But if you have a string like 'file*dir.txt', the escape function would return 'file*dir.txt' (since * is not a special character in glob). So, perhaps the escape function is the right approach here.

So, the function would take each path in the input list, and for each path, apply the glob.escape function. But wait, the docstring says that existing patterns are passed through untouched. So, if the input path is already a glob pattern, then the function should return it as is. But how does the escape function handle that?

For example, if the input path is 'file.txt', then glob.escape('file.txt') returns 'file.txt', which is correct. If the input path is 'file*dir.txt', then glob.escape('file*dir.txt') returns 'file*dir.txt', which is correct. So, the function would work as intended.

Therefore, the code for the function would be:

def make_find_paths(find_paths):
    """
    Given a sequence of path, transform all path into glob patterns. Pass through existing patterns untouched.

    Args:
        find_paths: sequence of path

    Returns:
        tuple of transformed path
    """
    import glob
    return tuple(glob.escape(path) for path in find_paths)

Wait, but what if the input is not a string? The function's argument is a sequence of path, but the docstring says "path" is a path. So, perhaps the function is supposed to take each element in find_paths as a string. But the function's code would need to handle that.

But the problem says that the function is to transform each path into a glob pattern. So, the code would be as above.

But wait, the function's docstring says that the input is a sequence of path. So, the code would need to process each element in the sequence. But the code above uses glob.escape on each path, which is a string. So, if the input is a list of strings, then this code would work.

But what if the input is not a string? For example, if the input is a list of directories, but the function is supposed to process each path as a string. But the docstring says "path" is a path, so perhaps the function is intended to take strings.

So, the code would be as above.

But wait, the function's return type is a tuple of transformed path. So, the code would return a tuple of the escaped paths.

Testing this code:

For example, if find_paths is ['file.txt', 'dir/file.txt'], then the output would be ('file.txt', 'dir/file.txt').

But what if the input is a list of paths that are already glob patterns? For example, if the input is ['file.txt'], then the output is ('file.txt',).

So, the code seems to handle that.

Therefore, the generated code is as above.
