
Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_none_string that checks if a given value is a string representing None. The docstring says it returns True if the type is string and the lowercase of the value is 'none'. 

First, let me think about the steps. The function takes 'val' as any type. So, the first check is if the type of val is a string. Then, we need to check if the lowercase version of val is 'none'. 

Wait, but what if val is None? Because if val is None, then its type is NoneType, not string. So the function should return False in that case. But the function is supposed to check if the string represents None. So, for example, if someone passes 'none' as a string, it should return True. If they pass 'NONE' or 'none' (lowercase), it should return True. But if they pass 'null' or 'nil', it should return False.

So the steps are:

1. Check if the type of val is str. If not, return False.
2. Convert val to lowercase and check if it's 'none'.

But wait, what if val is None? Then, type(val) is NoneType, so the first check would fail. So the function would return False in that case.

So the code would be something like:

def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:
    if not isinstance(val, str):
        return False
    return val.lower() == 'none'

Wait, but the parameter is annotated as 'any', which in Python is just a type hint. The actual type check would be done via isinstance. So maybe the code should use isinstance instead of type? Because type(val) would return the type, but for None, type(None) is NoneType. So, the first check should be if isinstance(val, str), then proceed.

So the code would be:

def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:
    if not isinstance(val, str):
        return False
    return val.lower() == 'none'

But wait, the docstring says "the lowercase of val is equal to 'none'". So, for example, if val is 'None', then lower() would be 'none', so it returns True. But if val is 'none', same thing. So that's correct.

Testing some cases:

Test case 1: val is 'none' → returns True.
Test case 2: val is 'NONE' → returns True.
Test case 3: val is 'null' → returns False.
Test case 4: val is None → type is not str → returns False.
Test case 5: val is 123 → type is not str → returns False.

So the code seems to handle these cases.

But wait, what if val is a string that's empty? Like ''. Then lower() would be '', which is not 'none', so returns False. That's correct.

So the code should be as written. The unit tests would need to cover these scenarios.

But the user asked to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code is as above. The user also mentioned to output only the code in Python markdown format. So the answer is the code as written.
