
Okay, I need to write a Python function called _dictsum that takes a list of dictionaries and sums the values for each key. The example given is when two dictionaries are provided, and the values for the same keys are added together. So the function should return a new dictionary where each key's value is the sum of all the corresponding values from the input dictionaries.

First, I need to think about how to handle the input. The function is called with a list of dictionaries, right? Like, the example shows dict1 and dict2 as arguments. So the function needs to process each dictionary in the list and sum their values for each key.

So the steps would be:

1. Initialize a new empty dictionary to store the results.
2. Iterate over each dictionary in the input list.
3. For each dictionary, iterate over its key-value pairs.
4. For each key, add the value from the current dictionary to the accumulated value in the result dictionary.
5. Return the accumulated dictionary.

Wait, but how to handle overlapping keys? Like, if two dictionaries have the same key, their values should be added. So for each key in any of the input dictionaries, we need to sum all the values from each dictionary that has that key.

So, the approach is to loop through each dictionary in the input list, and for each key in that dictionary, add the value to the result dictionary. But how to do that efficiently?

Maybe using a defaultdict or a regular dictionary. Let's think: for each dict in the input list, we can loop through its items. For each key, we add the value to the result's key. But if the key already exists in the result, we add the values together.

So, the code could be:

def _dictsum(dicts):
    result = {}
    for d in dicts:
        for key, value in d.items():
            if key in result:
                result[key] += value
            else:
                result[key] = value
    return result

Wait, but what if the input is an empty list? Well, the function would return an empty dictionary, which is correct.

Testing the example: dict1 is {'a':1, 'b':2}, dict2 is {'a':5, 'b':0}. The result would be {'a': 6, 'b': 2}, which matches the example.

But wait, the function is called with 'dicts' which is a list of dictionaries. So the code above would work.

But what if the input is a single dictionary? Like, if dicts is a list with one element, then it would process that single dictionary.

Yes, that should handle all cases.

So the code seems straightforward. Now, I need to write this in Python, making sure that the function is correctly defined with the given signature.

Also, the docstring says that the function returns a dict. So the code should return the result dictionary.

I think that's all. Let me write the code.
