
Okay, I need to write a Python function called replace_dots that takes a string value and an argument arg. The goal is to replace all occurrences of '.' in the value with arg. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function is straightforward. The problem is to replace every dot in the string with the given argument. So, in Python, strings can be modified by replacing characters. The built-in string method replace() can be used here. Oh right, the replace method allows you to replace all occurrences of a substring with another substring.

So the function would be something like return value.replace('.', arg). But wait, I need to make sure that the argument is a string. Well, the docstring says that arg is the new string to replace '.', so it's expected to be a string. So the function can just use the replace method directly.

Let me check the parameters. The function is called replace_dots, and it takes two arguments: value (a string) and arg (a string). The return type is a str. So the code would be:

def replace_dots(value, arg):
    return value.replace('.', arg)

That's it? Seems simple. But maybe I should consider edge cases. For example, if the input string is empty, or if the '.' is not present. But the replace method handles those cases automatically. If there are no dots, it returns the original string. If the argument is not a string, maybe it's a problem, but according to the docstring, arg is a string, so the function assumes that.

So the code is simple. The tests would be straightforward. For example, testing that replacing '.' with 'X' works, and that it doesn't affect other characters.

Wait, the user mentioned to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. The user also said to output only the code generated, in Python markdown format. So I need to make sure that the code is correctly formatted.

So the code would be:

def replace_dots(value, arg):
    """
    Replaces all values of '.' to arg from the given string
    Args:
        value: old string
        arg: new string to replace '.'
    Returns:
        str, the replaced string
    """
    return value.replace('.', arg)

Yes, that's correct. The docstring is as specified. The function is simple. I think that's all.
