
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the verify_relayable_signature function based on the given docstring. Let me start by understanding what this function is supposed to do.

The docstring says it's verifying the signed XML elements to confirm the claimed author generated the message. So the function is probably checking if a signature is valid for a given public key and document. 

First, I need to think about how to verify a signature in Python. The standard way is to use the hashlib library, but since the signature is likely a base64-encoded string, I'll need to decode it first. Also, the public key might be in a format like PEM, so I'll need to load it using the cryptography library. 

Wait, the function doesn't mention any specific library, so I should assume that the user has the necessary libraries installed, like cryptography. But maybe the code should handle the loading of the public key. 

The steps I need to take are:

1. Decode the signature from base64.
2. Load the public key from the provided public_key string.
3. Verify the signature against the document and public key.

But wait, the function parameters are public_key, doc, and signature. The public_key is a string, which could be a PEM formatted key. So I need to load that into a PublicKey object. 

In cryptography, the public key can be loaded using PublicKey.from_string, but I need to make sure the key is in the correct format. Also, the document (doc) is probably an XML string, but the exact format isn't specified. However, the function's purpose is to verify the signature, so the actual content of the document might not be checked here. 

Wait, the function's docstring mentions verifying the signed XML elements. So perhaps the doc parameter is the XML content, and the signature is the signature of that XML. The function needs to verify that the signature is valid for the given public key and XML.

So the steps would be:

- Decode the signature from base64.
- Load the public key.
- Sign the document (or some hash of it) and compare with the provided signature.

But how to sign the document? The public key might be used to sign the document's hash. So the process would be:

1. Compute a hash of the document (doc) using a specific algorithm (like SHA-256).
2. Sign the hash with the public key to get the signature.
3. Compare the generated signature with the provided one.

But the function's parameters are public_key, doc, and signature. So the code needs to:

- Load the public key.
- Compute the hash of the doc.
- Sign the hash with the public key.
- Compare the signed hash with the provided signature.

But how to handle the signing? The cryptography library's PublicKey.sign method requires the digest to be bytes, so I need to convert the doc to bytes. Also, the signature is a base64 string, so I need to decode it.

So the code steps:

1. Decode the signature from base64.
2. Load the public key.
3. Compute the hash of the doc.
4. Sign the hash with the public key.
5. Compare the signed hash with the decoded signature.

But wait, the public key might be in a format that requires specific handling. For example, if the public key is in PEM format, I need to load it using the cryptography library's functions.

So, the code would look something like this:

import base64
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives import hashes
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives.asymmetric import padding
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives import serialization

def verify_relayable_signature(public_key, doc, signature):
    # Decode the signature
    decoded_signature = base64.b64decode(signature)
    
    # Load the public key
    public_key_obj = serialization.load_pem_public_key(public_key)
    
    # Compute the hash of the document
    hash_obj = hashes.Hash(hashes.SHA256(), backend=default_backend())
    hash_obj.update(doc.encode('utf-8'))
    hash_value = hash_obj.finalize()
    
    # Sign the hash with the public key
    signed_hash = public_key_obj.sign(
        hash_value,
        padding.PKCS1v15(),
        hashes.SHA256()
    )
    
    # Compare the signed hash with the decoded signature
    return signed_hash == decoded_signature

But wait, the signature is a base64 string, so decoding it is necessary. Also, the public key is loaded as a PEM object. The doc is the XML content, which is encoded as UTF-8. 

However, there's a problem: the public key might not be in PEM format. The function's parameter is a string, so the code assumes that it's a PEM string. If that's not the case, the code would fail. But the function's docstring doesn't specify, so we proceed under the assumption that the public key is in PEM format.

Another consideration: the hash algorithm. The code uses SHA256, but the function doesn't specify which algorithm to use. However, since the docstring mentions "signed XML elements", it's likely that the hash is computed using a standard algorithm like SHA-256.

Testing the code: the function returns True if the signature is valid, False otherwise. But the actual implementation might need to handle exceptions, like if the public key is invalid or the signature is malformed.

So the final code would include the necessary imports and the function as described. Also, the code should handle the decoding of the signature and the loading of the public key.

I need to make sure that the code is correct and follows the function signature. The parameters are public_key (string), doc (string), and signature (string). The function returns a boolean.

So the generated code would be as above, with the necessary imports and the function definition.
