
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the validate_from_content method based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding the problem.

The function is part of a class, and it's supposed to validate that the spec content has all required fields. If any mandatory data is missing, it should raise IRValidatorException. The return value is a dictionary with the data loaded from the spec file.

First, I need to think about what the spec_content could be. It's probably a YAML file, but the function is handling the content, so maybe it's a string representing the YAML content. The function is supposed to load that content into a dictionary and validate it.

The docstring says that the method raises IRValidatorException when mandatory data is missing. So, the code needs to check for the presence of required fields in the spec_content.

But wait, the function's parameters are spec_content=None. So, the method is probably supposed to load the YAML content into a dictionary and then validate it. However, the function's parameters are given as spec_content=None, which suggests that the method might be called with the content, but maybe it's supposed to handle loading it from a file or some other source. But the problem statement says that the function is supposed to validate the spec content, so maybe the spec_content is already loaded into a dictionary, and the method is just validating that dictionary.

Wait, the docstring says "validates that spec (YAML) content has all required fields". So the spec_content is the content of the spec file, which is being validated. So the method is supposed to check that the spec_content has all the required fields, and if not, raise the exception.

But how is the spec_content structured? Since it's YAML, maybe it's a dictionary. But the function's parameters are given as spec_content=None, which is a bit confusing. Maybe the method is supposed to load the YAML content into a dictionary, then validate it.

But the function's parameters are spec_content=None, which suggests that the method is called with the content, but perhaps the actual implementation is to load it into a dictionary. However, the function's return value is a dictionary with data loaded from the spec. So the method's job is to validate the spec_content, and then return the dictionary.

Wait, the function's docstring says that the method returns a dictionary with data loaded from the spec. So the method is supposed to load the spec_content into a dictionary, and then validate it. But how does the method know which fields are required? The docstring doesn't specify the required fields, so maybe the method is supposed to check for certain keys that are required.

But the problem statement doesn't provide the required fields. Hmm. That's a problem. The user hasn't provided the required fields, so I need to make assumptions here.

In the absence of specific requirements, perhaps the method is supposed to check for a certain set of required fields. For example, maybe the spec has a 'metadata' key, or 'parameters', etc. But since the problem statement doesn't specify, perhaps the method is supposed to check for a set of mandatory fields that are commonly found in YAML specs.

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to validate that the spec_content is not None, and then load it into a dictionary. But the docstring says that the method raises an exception when mandatory data is missing. So perhaps the method is supposed to check that the spec_content has certain required fields.

But without knowing the required fields, I can't write the code. However, maybe the problem expects that the method is supposed to validate that the spec_content is not None, and then load it into a dictionary. But that's not enough.

Wait, the function's parameters are spec_content=None. So perhaps the method is supposed to handle the case where spec_content is None, and if it's None, then it's an error. But the docstring says that the method raises IRValidatorException when mandatory data is missing. So maybe the method is supposed to check that the spec_content is not None, and then load it into a dictionary, then validate the dictionary.

But again, without knowing the required fields, I can't write the code. However, maybe the problem expects that the method is supposed to validate that the spec_content is not None, and then load it into a dictionary, and then check for certain required fields.

Alternatively, perhaps the method is supposed to validate that the spec_content is a valid YAML content, and then return the loaded dictionary. But the docstring says that it raises an exception when mandatory data is missing, which suggests that the method is supposed to check for the presence of certain required fields.

But since the problem statement doesn't provide the required fields, maybe the code should be written with a placeholder for the required fields. However, the user wants the code generated based on the given function signature and docstring.

Wait, maybe the required fields are part of the spec_content structure. For example, maybe the spec_content is a dictionary with keys like 'metadata', 'parameters', etc. But without knowing that, I can't proceed.

Alternatively, perhaps the method is supposed to validate that the spec_content is not None, and then load it into a dictionary. But that's not sufficient. The docstring says that the method raises an exception when mandatory data is missing, so the code must check for the presence of required fields.

But since the required fields are not specified, maybe the code should include a check for the presence of certain keys. For example, maybe the required fields are 'metadata' and 'parameters', but that's just a guess.

Alternatively, perhaps the method is supposed to validate that the spec_content is a valid YAML content, and then return the loaded dictionary. But again, without knowing the required fields, it's hard to proceed.

Hmm, this is a bit challenging. But given the information, I need to generate code that fits the function signature and docstring.

So, the function is a class method, and it's supposed to validate the spec_content. The parameters are spec_content=None, and the return is a dictionary.

So, the code would likely:

1. Check if spec_content is None. If so, raise an exception.
2. Load the spec_content into a dictionary (maybe using PyYAML).
3. Validate that the dictionary has all required fields.
4. Return the dictionary.

But the problem is that the required fields are not specified. So perhaps the code should include a check for certain keys. For example, maybe the required fields are 'metadata' and 'parameters'.

But since the user hasn't provided that info, maybe the code should include a check for the presence of the 'metadata' key, and 'parameters' key, and others.

Alternatively, maybe the required fields are part of the spec_content structure, and the code is supposed to check for those.

But without knowing, I can't be sure. However, the user wants the code generated based on the given function signature and docstring.

So, perhaps the code will include a check for the presence of certain required fields. For example, maybe the required fields are 'metadata' and 'parameters', but that's a guess.

Alternatively, maybe the code is supposed to check that the spec_content is not None, and then load it into a dictionary, and then check for the presence of certain keys.

But since the problem statement doesn't specify the required fields, I'll have to make assumptions.

Let me proceed with the following assumptions:

- The spec_content is a YAML string.
- The method loads it into a dictionary.
- The required fields are 'metadata' and 'parameters'.
- If either of these keys is missing, the method raises IRValidatorException.

So, the code would:

- Check if spec_content is None. If so, raise an exception.
- Load the YAML content into a dictionary.
- Check if 'metadata' and 'parameters' are present.
- If any is missing, raise the exception.
- Return the dictionary.

But how to load the YAML content? The code would need to use PyYAML to load the content.

So, the code would look something like this:

import yaml

def validate_from_content(cls, spec_content=None):
    if spec_content is None:
        raise IRValidatorException("Spec content is required")
    try:
        spec = yaml.safe_load(spec_content)
    except yaml.YAMLError as e:
        raise IRValidatorException(f"Invalid YAML: {e}")
    # Check required fields
    required_fields = ['metadata', 'parameters']
    for field in required_fields:
        if field not in spec:
            raise IRValidatorException(f"Missing required field: {field}")
    return spec

But the problem is that the function is a class method, so the code would need to be inside a class. Also, the IRValidatorException is a custom exception, which the user would need to define.

But the user hasn't provided the definition of IRValidatorException, so the code would need to include that.

However, the user's instruction says to output only the code generated, in Python markdown format. So the code would be written with the necessary imports and exceptions.

But the user's example shows that the function is part of a class, so the code would be:

class IRValidator:
    @classmethod
    def validate_from_content(cls, spec_content=None):
        # code here

But the exact implementation would depend on the required fields.

But given the lack of information, the code would have to include the necessary checks for the required fields. Since the problem statement doesn't specify them, perhaps the code is supposed to check for the presence of certain keys, but without knowing, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, maybe the required fields are part of the spec_content structure, and the code is supposed to check for them. But without knowing, it's impossible to proceed.

In the absence of specific information, I'll proceed with the code that checks for the presence of 'metadata' and 'parameters' keys, and raises an exception if they are missing.

So, the final code would be:

import yaml

class IRValidator:
    @classmethod
    def validate_from_content(cls, spec_content=None):
        if spec_content is None:
            raise IRValidatorException("Spec content is required")
        try:
            spec = yaml.safe_load(spec_content)
        except yaml.YAMLError as e:
            raise IRValidatorException(f"Invalid YAML: {e}")
        required_fields = ['metadata', 'parameters']
        for field in required_fields:
            if field not in spec:
                raise IRValidatorException(f"Missing required field: {field}")
        return spec

But the user's docstring says that the method returns a dictionary with data loaded from the spec. So the code is correct in that aspect.

But the problem is that the required fields are not specified. However, given the information available, this is the best approach.

Now, the user wants the code generated, so the final answer would be the code with the necessary imports and the method.
