
Okay, let's see. I need to write a Python function called match_file_by_prefix that takes a prefix and a file_path. The goal is to check if the basename of the file_path starts with the prefix followed by a hyphen or a dot. 

First, I should figure out how to get the basename of the file_path. Oh right, the os module has os.path.basename. So I'll import os, which is already mentioned in the context.

Once I have the basename, I need to check if it starts with either prefix + "-" or prefix + ".". Wait, but the prefix itself might have those characters? Or maybe the function is designed so that the prefix is just a string, and we append either a hyphen or a dot after it. So for example, if the prefix is 'log', then the basename should start with 'log-' or 'log.'.

So the steps are: get the basename of file_path. Then check if it starts with (prefix + '-') or (prefix + '.').

But wait, the problem says "startswith the given prefix plus "-" or the given prefix plus "." So the order is prefix followed by either a hyphen or a dot. So the basename should start with prefix + '-' or prefix + '.'.

So, for example, if prefix is 'data', then valid basenames would be 'data-1.txt' or 'data.file.txt'.

So the code would be something like:

basename = os.path.basename(file_path)
return basename.startswith(prefix + '-') or basename.startswith(prefix + '.')

But wait, what if the prefix is empty? Well, the function's responsibility is to check that. But according to the docstring, it's up to the user to provide the prefix. So the code should handle any prefix.

So putting it all together. The function uses os.path.basename to get the base name of the file path. Then checks if it starts with either of the two possibilities.

I need to make sure that the code is using the correct modules. The context says imported packages are os, logging, zipfile. So os is already imported. So in the code, I can use os.path.basename.

So the code would be:

def match_file_by_prefix(prefix, file_path):
    """
    Given a filepath, return true if the basename of the filepath is startswith the given prefix plus "-" or the given prefix plus "."
    """
    basename = os.path.basename(file_path)
    return basename.startswith(prefix + '-') or basename.startswith(prefix + '.')

Wait, but what about cases where the prefix is part of a longer string? Like, if the prefix is 'log', and the basename is 'logfile.txt'? Then it would not match, which is correct. Because the prefix needs to be followed by either a hyphen or a dot. So the check is correct.

Yes, that's right. So this code should work.
