
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called 'format' and it takes 'sql' and 'params' as arguments. The docstring says it converts sql using self._converter.convert. 

First, I need to make sure I understand the parameters. The 'sql' is of type AnyStr, which could be a string or bytes. The 'params' is a union of a dictionary or a sequence. The return type is a tuple with the same types as the inputs.

The context mentions that there's a _converter attribute created by self._create_converter. So the plan is to use that converter to process the sql and params. The docstring says to convert the sql, so probably the converter has a method called convert that takes sql and params.

Wait, the function's job is to convert the sql using the converter. So the code would likely call self._converter.convert(sql, params), but then what? The return value is a tuple of the converted sql and the params. Wait, maybe the converter modifies the sql and returns the new sql along with the params? Or maybe the params are also processed?

Looking at the return type: the first element is AnyStr (same as sql's type), and the second is the same as params. So perhaps the converter doesn't modify the params, just the sql. So the function would take the original sql, pass it to the converter along with params, get back the formatted sql, and return that along with the original params.

But how does the converter work? The name suggests that it converts the SQL, maybe by replacing placeholders with the parameters. For example, in SQL formatting, you might have something like "SELECT * FROM table WHERE id = %s" and params like (1,). The converter might process this into a formatted string with the parameters substituted, but the params themselves are passed through.

Wait, but the return type includes the params as part of the tuple. So maybe the function is intended to return the formatted SQL and the params, perhaps for further processing. For example, in some database libraries, you format the SQL and then execute it with the params.

So the code inside the function would be something like:

formatted_sql = self._converter.convert(sql, params)
return (formatted_sql, params)

But I need to check if the converter's convert method expects both sql and params. The user's context mentions that self._create_converter is called, which probably sets up the converter. The exact implementation of the converter isn't given, but the function's docstring says to use self._converter.convert.

So the code would be straightforward: call the converter's convert method with sql and params, then return the result as a tuple with the params. Wait, but the return type is a tuple of the converted sql and the params. So maybe the converter returns just the formatted sql, and the params are kept as-is. Hence, the function returns (formatted_sql, params).

So putting it all together, the code would be:

def format(
		self,
		sql: AnyStr,
		params: Union[Dict[Union[str, int], Any], Sequence[Any]],
	) -> Tuple[AnyStr, Union[Dict[Union[str, int], Any], Sequence[Any]]]:
		"""
		Convert sql using self._converter.convert
		"""
		formatted_sql = self._converter.convert(sql, params)
		return (formatted_sql, params)

But wait, maybe the converter's convert method returns both the formatted SQL and the params? Or maybe the params are modified? The problem is that the original function's return includes the params, so perhaps they are not modified. The converter might just process the SQL, leaving the params as they are.

Another thing to consider: the parameters might be a dictionary or a sequence. The converter might need to handle that. But since the code is just calling the converter, the actual implementation details are abstracted away.

I think that's the correct approach. So the generated code would be as above. Let me make sure there are no typos and that the types match. The return is a tuple with the same types as the inputs. The code uses the converter's convert method, which is assumed to take sql and params and return the formatted SQL. Then, the function returns that formatted SQL along with the original params.
