
Okay, let's see. I need to generate the Python function select_filenames_by_prefix based on the given signature and docstring. The function should return all files in the 'files' list that match the given 'prefix'.

First, the function parameters are 'prefix' and 'files'. The docstring says it returns files that match the prefix. So, the approach is to check each file in the 'files' list and see if it starts with the prefix.

Wait, but how is the matching done? The user might mean the filename starts with the prefix. So, for each file in the files list, check if the filename begins with the given prefix. But I need to make sure that the prefix is a string, and the files are also strings (filenames).

So the code would loop through each file in the files list, and collect those where the file starts with the prefix. But maybe the prefix is case-sensitive? The problem doesn't specify, but since the example uses 'prefix' as a parameter, I'll assume case-sensitive unless told otherwise.

So the code would be something like:

def select_filenames_by_prefix(prefix, files):
    """
    For each file in files, return all files that match the given prefix
    """
    return [file for file in files if file.startswith(prefix)]

Wait, but maybe the function is part of a larger codebase with other functions like match_file_by_prefix or _eval_file. However, the user hasn't provided those details. The context mentions other functions, but the task is to generate this specific function. The existing code might have other helper functions, but for this function, the simplest approach is to use startswith.

But wait, the user provided a context with imported packages like os, logging, zipfile, packtools. Also, within the file, there's a logger, and other functions like match_file_by_prefix, explore_source, etc. But the current function is supposed to be generated. The user hasn't provided the implementation of match_file_by_prefix, but maybe the current function is supposed to use that?

Wait, the docstring says "return all files that match the given prefix". The function's name is select_filenames_by_prefix. The existing code might have a helper function called match_file_by_prefix, which could be used here. But the user hasn't provided that function's code. However, the user's instruction is to generate the code based on the given signature and docstring, not to use other functions unless specified.

The original problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, not to include any explanation. So perhaps the intended solution is to use a list comprehension checking if each file starts with the prefix.

But maybe the function is supposed to use the match_file_by_prefix function mentioned in the context. However, since that function isn't provided, and the user hasn't indicated that it should be used, the safest approach is to implement the logic directly.

Therefore, the code would be as simple as filtering the files list with startswith. So the generated code is a list comprehension that checks each file in files if it starts with the prefix. That should fulfill the docstring's requirement.
