
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element based on the given signature and docstring. The function is supposed to return possible values of number and sup from the contents of 'issue'. 

First, I should check what the 'issue' parameter is. Since the context mentions the packtools package, maybe 'issue' is an XML element or similar structure. Packtools is used for processing journal articles, so perhaps this function is part of parsing XML elements related to journal issues.

The function's purpose is to extract the number and supplement from the issue element. So, I need to look into the elements within 'issue' that might contain these values. Common elements in journal articles might be like 'issue', 'supplement', 'volume', etc. But the exact structure depends on the XML schema used.

Assuming that the 'issue' element has child elements or attributes that hold the number and supplement information. For example, maybe there's an element named 'number' or 'issue' with a 'number' attribute. Similarly, a 'supplement' element or attribute.

The function should return a tuple or some structure with number and sup. The docstring says "possible values", which might imply that there could be multiple possibilities, but maybe in practice, it's just extracting the first occurrence or all occurrences.

Looking at packtools, perhaps the function uses methods from the package to parse these elements. For example, using saxonche or other XML processing tools. But without specific knowledge of packtools' API, I need to make assumptions.

Alternatively, maybe the 'issue' is a string that contains the number and supplement in a specific format, like "12 (Suppl 1)". In that case, the function would parse the string to extract the number and supplement parts.

But given that the function is named _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element, it's likely dealing with an XML element. So, I'll proceed under that assumption.

So, steps to take:

1. Check if the 'issue' element has a 'number' attribute or child element. If so, extract that as the number.
2. Check for a 'supplement' attribute or child element. Extract that as 'sup'.
3. Return these values, possibly as a tuple.

But since the function is part of a class (as per the context), maybe it's using some internal methods or attributes. However, the user hasn't provided the class details, so I need to make general code.

Another possibility: the 'issue' element may have text content that includes both number and supplement. For example, the text could be "12, Suppl 1". The function would need to parse this text.

But without knowing the exact structure, I need to make an educated guess. Let's assume that the 'issue' element has a 'number' attribute and a 'supplement' attribute. Then the code would be:

def _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element(issue):
    number = issue.get('number')
    sup = issue.get('supplement')
    return (number, sup)

But maybe the elements are nested. For example, the 'issue' element contains a 'number' element and a 'supplement' element. Then, the code would be:

number = issue.find('.//number').text if issue.find('.//number') is not None else None
sup = issue.find('.//supplement').text if issue.find('.//supplement') is not None else None

But again, without knowing the exact structure, this is speculative. However, given that the function is part of packtools, which deals with journal articles, perhaps the 'issue' element is part of the article's metadata, and the number and supplement are attributes or child elements.

Another angle: the function might be using the packtools' own methods. For example, maybe there's a method like get_issue_number() or similar. But since the user hasn't provided that info, I can't use that.

Alternatively, the 'issue' could be a string that needs parsing. For example, if the issue is a string like "12 (Suppl 1)", then splitting on parentheses could extract the number and supplement. But this is a stretch.

Given the uncertainty, the safest approach is to write code that checks for common XML elements. Let's proceed with the assumption that the 'issue' element has child elements named 'number' and 'supplement', and extract their text content.

So, the code would use something like:

number = issue.find('number').text if issue.find('number') is not None else None
sup = issue.find('supplement').text if issue.find('supplement') is not None else None

But in Python, if 'issue' is an ElementTree element, then find() would be used. However, the exact namespace might be involved, so perhaps using XPath with namespaces.

Alternatively, using a more general approach, perhaps using the .text attribute of the elements.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, this is guesswork. However, the user expects code that fits the function signature and docstring. The function returns possible values, which could be None if not found.

So, putting it all together, the code would be:

def _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element(issue):
    """
    Return the possible values of number and sup from the contents of issue.
    """
    number = issue.find('.//number').text.strip() if issue.find('.//number') is not None else None
    sup = issue.find('.//supplement').text.strip() if issue.find('.//supplement') is not None else None
    return (number, sup)

But I need to make sure that the code is using the correct methods. Also, the function name has a typo: 'supplment' instead of 'supplement'. But the user provided the function name as is, so I should keep it.

Another possibility: the 'issue' element's text contains both values. For example, the text might be "12, Suppl 1". Then, splitting on commas or other delimiters. But this is less likely.

Alternatively, the function might be using regular expressions to extract the number and supplement from the text.

But again, without more context, it's hard to tell. However, given that the function is part of packtools, which is used for processing XML in journal articles, the most plausible approach is to search for child elements named 'number' and 'supplement' within the 'issue' element.

Thus, the code would use the find method with XPath expressions to locate these elements and extract their text content.
