
Okay, I need to write a Python function called default_tzinfo that takes a datetime (dt) and a tzinfo object. The goal is to set the tzinfo on the datetime only if it's naive. So first, I should check if the datetime is naive. How do I check that? Oh right, if dt.tzinfo is None, then it's naive.

So the function should return dt with the tzinfo attached if it's naive. Otherwise, return it as is. Wait, but how do I attach the tzinfo? Oh right, the replace method of datetime allows replacing the tzinfo. So, if the datetime is naive, we do dt.replace(tzinfo=tzinfo). Otherwise, just return dt.

Wait, but I need to make sure that the tzinfo is a tzinfo subclass instance. The parameters say that tzinfo is a subclass instance, so that's handled.

So the steps are:

1. Check if dt is naive by checking dt.tzinfo is None.
2. If yes, return dt.replace(tzinfo=tzinfo).
3. If not, return dt.

But wait, what about if the datetime is already aware but has a different timezone? The function is supposed to set the tzinfo only if it's naive. So in that case, we leave it as is. The docstring example shows that when the parsed datetime has a timezone (like UTC), it's left as is, and when it's naive, the default tz is added.

So the code would be straightforward. Let me think about possible edge cases. What if dt is a naive datetime? Then replace adds the tzinfo. Otherwise, return original.

So the code would be:

def default_tzinfo(dt, tzinfo):
    if dt.tzinfo is None:
        return dt.replace(tzinfo=tzinfo)
    return dt

But wait, the parameters are dt and tzinfo. The function is supposed to return an aware datetime. So in the case where dt is naive, replace with tzinfo. Otherwise, return dt, which is already aware.

Yes, that seems correct. Let me check the doctest examples. For example, when parsing '2014-01-01 12:30 UTC', the parsed datetime is aware (UTC), so the function returns it as is. For the naive datetime (without timezone), it adds the default tz.

So the code should work. Now, I need to make sure that the function is properly written. Also, the parameters are correctly named. The function is supposed to take dt and tzinfo as parameters. The code seems to match that.

I think that's all. The code is simple but does the job.
