
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function is_fill_compute_el based on the given signature and docstring. The function's purpose is to check if an object has both 'fill' and 'compute' methods.

First, I'll start by writing the function definition. The parameters are given as 'obj', so that's straightforward.

The docstring is already provided, so I'll include that exactly as specified.

Now, the main logic: checking if the object has both methods. In Python, to check if an object has a method, I can use the 'hasattr' function. So, I need to check if both 'fill' and 'compute' are present in the object's methods.

Wait, but sometimes methods might be inherited from a parent class. The 'hasattr' function checks for the presence of the attribute in the instance's class hierarchy, so that should work.

So the function should return True only if both methods exist. So the code would be:

return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'compute')

But wait, what about if the object is a class itself, not an instance? Well, the function is named is_fill_compute_el, which might be checking for the presence in the class, but the parameter is 'obj', which could be an instance or a class. However, in Python, when you check hasattr on a class, it checks for the presence in the class's own attributes, not considering inheritance unless it's a subclass. Wait, no, hasattr checks the instance's own attributes and then the class hierarchy. So regardless of whether obj is an instance or a class, hasattr will check for the presence of the method in the class hierarchy.

So the code should work for both classes and instances.

Therefore, the function is straightforward. Just check both attributes and return the logical AND of the two.

Now, putting it all together. The code will be:

def is_fill_compute_el(obj):
    """
    Check whether the obj class has the fill and compute methods.
    """
    return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'compute')

That's it. No need for any imports since hasattr is a built-in function. The context mentions imported packages, but since the code doesn't require any specific imports beyond standard libraries, nothing needs to be added.

I should make sure there are no typos. The method names are 'fill' and 'compute', lowercase. The function returns a boolean. That's all.
