
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the get_versions() function based on the given docstring and context. Let me think about what this function might do. The docstring says it obtains version information and returns a default if it can't. Looking at the context, there are a lot of functions related to version control, like git, parent directories, and PEP440 rendering. 

So, maybe get_versions() is part of a system that tries to determine the package version using various methods, like checking Git tags, parent directories, or configuration files. The function might call other helper functions like versions_from_parentdir or git_versions_from_keywords. 

The function probably starts by trying different methods to get the version. If none work, it returns a default, maybe '0.0.0' or something similar. Let me check the context again. There's a mention of git_get_keywords, git_versions_from_keywords, and versions_from_parentdir. Also, functions like render_pep440 and render_git_describe are present.

I think the get_versions function might first check for version info in the parent directory, then try Git, and if all else fails, return the default. Let me structure it with try-except blocks or conditional checks. Also, the function might use the other functions mentioned, like get_config or run_command.

Wait, the user provided the imported packages: typing, errno, sys, os, functools, subprocess, re. So, the code might use these modules. The function might use os and subprocess to run commands, re for regex, etc.

Putting it all together, the get_versions function could look like this: it tries to get versions from parent directories, then from Git, and if all else fails, returns a default. Let me draft the code with those steps. Also, considering that the function is part of a larger module with other functions, it's likely that get_versions() is the main entry point that aggregates the version info.

I need to make sure that the code doesn't have any explanations, just the function. Also, the code should be in Python markdown format, but the user says to output only the code in Python markdown. Wait, the user says "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So, the code should be enclosed in triple backticks with python specified.

So, the final code would be the def get_versions() with the docstring, and the implementation that tries different methods and returns the version or default. Let me write that.
