
Okay, let's see. I need to generate the Python code for the on method based on the given function signature and docstring. The method is supposed to return a decorator that adds a new handler to a hook in the registry.

First, the function is part of a class, and it takes a hook parameter. The registry is probably a dictionary or some structure that maps hooks to their handlers. The decorator should probably take a function and then add it to the registry under the specified hook.

Wait, the docstring says "add a new handler to the 'hook' in the registry". So the on method returns a decorator. When someone uses @self.on('hook_name'), it should register the decorated function as a handler for that hook.

So the on method needs to return a function that accepts a handler function and then adds it to the registry. Let me think about how decorators work here. The on method is a method of the class, so the decorator function would need to be a closure that captures the hook name and the registry.

Looking at the context, the class has a registry attribute. So inside the on method, we can access self.registry. The decorator function would take the handler function, then append it to the list of handlers for that hook in the registry.

Wait, maybe the registry is a dictionary where each key is a hook name, and the value is a list of functions. So when the decorator is applied, the handler is added to that list.

So the code for the on method would be something like:

def on(self, hook):
    def decorator(handler):
        if hook not in self.registry:
            self.registry[hook] = []
        self.registry[hook].append(handler)
        return handler
    return decorator

But wait, maybe the registry is initialized as a defaultdict or something similar. But the context doesn't mention that, so assuming it's a regular dictionary. Also, the code needs to handle the case where the hook doesn't exist yet, so initializing an empty list for it.

But the user's code might have the registry set up already. So the decorator just appends the handler to the list for that hook.

But the function signature is def on(self, hook):, and the docstring says it returns a decorator. So the code should return the decorator function.

I think that's the basic structure. Let me make sure there are no typos. Also, the handler is added to the registry. The decorator returns the handler, which is standard for decorators so that they can be used with other decorators or have attributes.

Yes, that seems right. So the generated code would be as above.
