
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _inline_r_setup based on the given signature and docstring. The docstring mentions that some R behaviors can't be configured via environment variables and need to be set as R options once R starts. So the function's purpose is probably to set those R options.

Since the function is named with an underscore, it's likely a helper function. The parameter is a string 'code', and it returns a modified string. Maybe the function is meant to inject some R code to set options.

In Python, when working with R, often the rpy2 library is used. So maybe this function is part of a class that interfaces with R. The function could be adding R option settings to the provided code.

The docstring says these options can't be set via env vars, so they must be set within R's options. For example, setting options like 'digits' or 'width' in R. The function might be appending R code to set these options.

So, the function might take the input code and prepend or append some R code that sets the necessary options. For example, adding lines like 'options(digits=10)' or similar.

But since the exact options aren't specified, I need to make an educated guess. Maybe the function is part of a larger setup where specific options are known. However, without more context, I'll assume that the function adds a standard set of R options.

So the code might look like modifying the input 'code' by adding R option settings. For example, wrapping the code with R options. But how is the code passed? If 'code' is a string of R code, then the function could return the code with the options added.

Perhaps the function is part of a class that uses rpy2, and the code is being prepared to be executed in R. So the function could be inserting the option settings into the code string.

So, the function might return the original code with some R options added. For example, adding 'options(...)' at the beginning.

But since the exact options aren't given, maybe the function is a placeholder. However, the user expects code that does something. Maybe the function is supposed to return the code with some default R options set.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a setup that uses the inline package in R, which requires certain options. But without more context, I need to make assumptions.

In the absence of specific options, perhaps the function is simply adding a comment or a placeholder. But that's not useful. Alternatively, maybe it's adding a standard set of options that are commonly needed.

For example, setting the width and height for plots, or other options. Let's say the function adds options like 'options(width=100, height=50)'.

So, the code could be:

def _inline_r_setup(code: str) -> str:
    """
    Some behaviour of R cannot be configured via env variables, but can
    only be configured via R options once R has started. These are set here.
    """
    return f"options(width=100, height=50)\n{code}"

But maybe the options are different. Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to modify the code in another way. However, given the information, this seems plausible.

Another possibility is that the function is part of a larger system where specific options are determined elsewhere, and this function is a hook to insert them. But without more context, the best I can do is to add some example options.

So the generated code would be as above, adding R options to the code string.
