
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the deprecated decorator function based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function deprecated takes a message parameter. The docstring says it returns a decorator for deprecating functions and methods. So, the decorator should be a function that wraps another function, probably using functools.wraps to preserve metadata.

The imported packages include warnings, sys, functools, tracemalloc, and asyncio. But for a deprecation warning, the main package needed is warnings. The deprecation_warn function is mentioned in the context, which probably issues the warning. So the decorator might call deprecation_warn with the provided message and a stack level.

Wait, the user mentioned that within the file, there's a function called deprecation_warn(message, stack_level). So the deprecated decorator should use that function when the decorated function is called.

So the steps are:

1. Define the deprecated function that takes a message.
2. Return a decorator function that wraps the target function.
3. When the wrapped function is called, it should trigger deprecation_warn with the message and an appropriate stack level.
4. Use functools.wraps to decorate the wrapper function so that the original function's metadata is preserved.

But how to handle the stack level? The stack_level parameter in deprecation_warn probably indicates how many stack frames to skip when issuing the warning. For the decorator, when the wrapped function is called, the stack level would be 2 (the decorator's call and the wrapped function's call). But maybe the deprecation_warn function is designed to handle that.

Putting it all together, the code would look something like:

import functools
import warnings

def deprecated(message):
    def decorator(func):
        @functools.wraps(func)
        def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
            deprecation_warn(message, stack_level=2)
            return func(*args, **kwargs)
        return wrapper
    return decorator

Wait, but the user's context includes other functions like get_user_agent, experimental_warn, etc. But the main thing here is to use the deprecation_warn function that's already defined in the same file. So the code for the deprecated decorator would call that function.

So the generated code should have the deprecated function that returns a decorator, which when the decorated function is called, triggers deprecation_warn with the given message and stack_level. The stack_level is probably set to 2 because the warning is issued from the wrapper function, which is one level inside the decorator. But maybe the exact stack level depends on how deprecation_warn is implemented.

Also, the user's existing code might have the deprecation_warn function defined, so the decorator just needs to call it.

Therefore, the code should be structured as follows, using the deprecation_warn function from the same module.
