
Okay, let's see. I need to write a Python function called make_find_paths that takes a sequence of paths and transforms them into glob patterns. The docstring says to leave existing patterns untouched. Hmm, so the task is to check each path in the input and determine if it's already a glob pattern. If it's not, convert it into one. Otherwise, leave it as is.

First, I need to figure out how to detect if a path is already a glob pattern. Glob patterns can include wildcards like *, ?, and brackets for character ranges. So maybe I can check if the path contains any of these characters. But wait, maybe the function is supposed to convert simple paths into glob patterns, like turning 'file.txt' into 'file.txt' (since it's already a specific path, but maybe adding a trailing slash? Or perhaps the idea is to turn a specific path into a glob that matches exactly that path. Wait, but the existing patterns are left untouched. So maybe the function is intended to convert paths that don't have any glob characters into glob patterns that match exactly those paths. For example, turning 'docs/' into 'docs/' (if it's already a glob) or maybe adding a '*'? No, the existing patterns are passed through. So perhaps the function is supposed to check if the path has any glob characters. If not, then wrap it in a glob pattern. But how?

Wait, the problem says "transform all path into glob patterns. Pass through existing patterns untouched." So if the path is already a glob pattern (contains *, ?, etc.), leave it as is. Otherwise, convert it into a glob pattern. But how? For example, if the path is 'file.txt', maybe convert it to 'file.txt' (since it's already a specific path, but maybe the function wants to make it a glob that matches exactly that path. But in glob terms, 'file.txt' is a specific path. So maybe the function is intended to convert non-glob paths into glob patterns that match exactly those paths. But how to do that? Well, perhaps by adding a '*' at the end? Or maybe not. Wait, maybe the function is intended to convert paths into glob patterns that match the entire path. For example, a path like 'docs/report.txt' would become 'docs/report.txt' (since it's already a specific path, but maybe the function is supposed to make it a glob that matches exactly that path. But in glob syntax, that's already a glob pattern. So maybe the function is supposed to check if the path contains any glob characters. If not, then it's considered a specific path and needs to be converted into a glob pattern that matches exactly that path. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches that path exactly. For example, turning 'file.txt' into 'file.txt' (since it's already a specific path, but maybe adding a '*' to make it a glob. Wait, but that's not correct. For example, 'file.txt' as a glob pattern would match exactly that filename. So perhaps the function is supposed to check if the path has any glob characters. If not, then it's converted into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end? Or maybe not. The problem statement is a bit unclear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to convert paths that don't have any glob characters into a glob pattern that matches that path. For example, if the path is 'dir/file', then the glob pattern would be 'dir/file'. But that's already a valid glob pattern. So maybe the function is supposed to check if the path contains any glob characters. If not, then it's considered a normal path and converted into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end? Or maybe not. Wait, the problem says "transform all path into glob patterns. Pass through existing patterns untouched." So perhaps the idea is that if the path is not a glob pattern (i.e., doesn't contain any glob characters), then we need to convert it into a glob pattern. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches that path exactly. For example, a path like 'docs/' would become 'docs/' (which is a glob pattern that matches that exact directory). But that's already a valid glob pattern. So perhaps the function is supposed to check if the path has any glob characters. If not, then it's considered a normal path and converted into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end? Or maybe not. This part is unclear.

Wait, maybe the original intention is that the function is supposed to take paths and convert them into glob patterns that match those paths, but if they already contain glob characters, leave them as is. For example, if the path is 'file*', leave it as is. If the path is 'file.txt', convert it to 'file.txt' (since it's already a specific path, but maybe the function is supposed to add a '*' to make it a glob. But that's not necessary. So perhaps the function is intended to check if the path contains any of the glob characters (like *, ?, [ etc.), and if not, then wrap it in a glob pattern. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches that path exactly. For example, 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt', which is already a glob pattern. So why transform it? Unless the original paths are not glob patterns, and the function is supposed to convert them into glob patterns that match exactly. But in that case, the transformation is redundant. So perhaps the function is supposed to check if the path is a glob pattern (contains any of the glob characters). If not, then convert it into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end. But that's just a guess.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a larger system where paths are converted into glob patterns for searching, and existing patterns (those that already have glob syntax) are left as is. For example, if the user provides a path like 'docs/*.txt', it's left as is. If the user provides 'docs/report.txt', it's converted into 'docs/report.txt' (which is a valid glob pattern). But again, that's already a valid glob pattern. So perhaps the function is intended to check if the path has any glob characters. If not, then convert it into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end. But that's not standard. For example, 'file.txt' would become 'file.txt*', which would match 'file.txt' and 'file.txt1', etc. That doesn't seem right.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches that exact path. So, for example, 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt', which is already a glob pattern. So perhaps the function is just returning the same paths, but the problem says to transform them. That doesn't make sense. Maybe the original intention is that the function is supposed to convert paths into glob patterns that match the entire path. For example, if the path is 'dir/file', the glob pattern would be 'dir/file', which is already a glob pattern. So why transform it? Unless the original paths are not glob patterns, and the function is supposed to convert them into glob patterns. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check if the path has any glob characters. If not, then it's converted into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end. For example, 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt*', but that's not matching the exact path. That seems incorrect. Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to add a '*' at the beginning and end. Like 'file.txt' becomes '*file.txt*', but that would match any file containing 'file.txt' in the name. That's not right.

Hmm, this is confusing. Let's look at the problem again. The function's docstring says: "Given a sequence of path, transform all path into glob patterns. Pass through existing patterns untouched." So the key is that existing patterns (those that are already glob patterns) are left as is. The others are transformed into glob patterns.

But how to determine if a path is already a glob pattern? Maybe by checking if it contains any of the glob characters like *, ?, [ etc. So, for example, if a path has any of these characters, it's considered a glob pattern and left as is. Otherwise, it's transformed into a glob pattern.

But how to transform it? The problem doesn't specify, but perhaps the intended transformation is to add a '*' at the end. Or maybe wrap it in a glob pattern that matches the entire path. For example, if the path is 'file.txt', then the glob pattern is 'file.txt', which is already a valid glob. So why transform it? Unless the function is intended to convert paths into glob patterns that match the entire path, but the original paths are not considered glob patterns. But that's unclear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a system where paths are converted into glob patterns for searching, and the user may provide paths that are not glob patterns. For example, if the user provides a path like 'docs/report.txt', the function converts it into a glob pattern that matches that exact path. But that's already a glob pattern. So perhaps the function is intended to check if the path contains any glob characters. If not, then convert it into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end. But that would make it match any file that starts with that path. For example, 'docs/report.txt' becomes 'docs/report.txt*', which would match 'docs/report.txt', 'docs/report.txt1', etc. That might not be what's intended.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches that exact path. So, for example, 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt', which is already a glob pattern. So the function would return the same paths. But that seems redundant. Unless the original paths are not considered glob patterns. For example, maybe the function is intended to check if the path has any of the glob characters. If not, then convert it into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end. But again, this is unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is intended to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches the entire path. For example, if the path is 'dir/file', the glob pattern is 'dir/file', which is already a valid glob. So the function would return the same paths. But why would that be necessary?

This is a bit of a puzzle. Maybe the original intention is that the function is supposed to check if the path is a glob pattern (contains any of the glob characters). If not, then convert it into a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end. But how to implement that.

Let me think about the code. The function takes a sequence of paths. For each path, check if it contains any of the glob characters. If it does, leave it as is. If not, then convert it into a glob pattern. How to check for glob characters. The glob pattern syntax includes *, ?, [ and ] (for character ranges). So, perhaps using a regular expression to check if the path contains any of these characters.

So, the code could be:

import re

def make_find_paths(find_paths):
    glob_chars = re.compile(r'[*?[\]]')
    transformed = []
    for path in find_paths:
        if glob_chars.search(path):
            transformed.append(path)
        else:
            # Convert to glob pattern
            # How?
            # Maybe add a '*' at the end?
            transformed.append(path + '*')
    return tuple(transformed)

But this is just a guess. However, the problem says to pass through existing patterns untouched. So if the path already has any of the glob characters, it's left as is. Otherwise, it's transformed. But how to transform it. The problem doesn't specify, but perhaps the intended transformation is to add a '*' at the end. But this is just a guess.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches that exact path. For example, 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt', which is already a glob pattern. So the function would return the same paths. But that would mean that the function does nothing. But that's not the case.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches the entire path. For example, 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt', which is already a glob pattern. So the function would return the same paths. But that would mean that the function does nothing, which doesn't make sense.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to convert each path into a glob pattern that matches the entire path, but with a trailing slash. For example, 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt/', but that's not standard. Or maybe the function is intended to add a '*' at the end, but that's just a guess.

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the correct approach is to check if the path contains any of the glob characters. If not, then wrap it in a glob pattern by adding a '*' at the end. So the code would be as I wrote before.

But I need to make sure that the code is correct. Let me think again. The problem says that the function transforms all paths into glob patterns. So for paths that are not already glob patterns, we need to convert them. The exact way to convert them is unclear, but perhaps the intended way is to add a '*' at the end. For example, 'file.txt' becomes 'file.txt*', which would match any file that starts with 'file.txt'. But that's not matching the exact path. However, perhaps the function is intended to convert paths into glob patterns that match the entire path. In that case, the correct way is to not add anything, since the path is already a valid glob pattern. But that would mean that the function does nothing, which doesn't make sense.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to convert paths into glob patterns that match the entire path, but with a leading and trailing wildcard. For example, 'file.txt' becomes '*file.txt*', but that's not standard. Or perhaps the function is supposed to add a '*' at the end. But without more context, it's hard to say.

Given that the problem says to pass through existing patterns untouched, and the code is to be written, perhaps the correct approach is to check for the presence of any glob characters and if not present, add a '*' at the end. That's a common way to convert a specific path into a glob pattern that matches that path. For example, in some systems, a path without wildcards is treated as a specific file, but to make it a glob pattern, you might add a '*' to make it match that file. However, this is not standard. For example, in Python's glob module, 'file.txt' is a valid pattern that matches exactly that file. So perhaps the function is intended to do nothing. But that's not the case.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to convert paths into glob patterns that match the entire path, but with a trailing slash. For example, 'dir/' becomes 'dir/' which is a glob pattern that matches that directory. But again, that's already a valid glob pattern.

This is really ambiguous. However, given that the problem requires generating code, perhaps the intended approach is to check for the presence of any glob characters and if not present, add a '*' to the end. So the code would be:

import re

def make_find_paths(find_paths):
    glob_chars = re.compile(r'[*?[\]]')
    transformed = []
    for path in find_paths:
        if glob_chars.search(path):
            transformed.append(path)
        else:
            transformed.append(path + '*')
    return tuple(transformed)

But I'm not sure. However, given the problem statement, this is the best guess I can make.
