
Okay, let's see. I need to write a Python function called match that checks if a filename is 'doxyfile' when lowercased. The docstring says it should return True if the lowercase version of the filename is 'doxyfile'. 

First, the function takes 'filename' as an argument. So I need to process that string. The key here is to convert the filename to lowercase and then check if it equals 'doxyfile'.

Wait, the docstring says "the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'". Oh, maybe that's a typo? Because the function is checking the filename's string value, not its type. So probably, the docstring meant to say that the filename's lowercase is 'doxyfile'.

So the steps are: take the input filename, convert it to lowercase, then compare it to 'doxyfile'. If they are the same, return True; else, False.

So the code would be something like:

return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

But wait, the function is supposed to be called match, and it's part of a class? Wait, the context says "Within class: " but there's nothing there. Maybe the function is a standalone function, not part of a class. So the code is just the function definition.

The imported packages include 'os', but I don't see how that's needed here. The function doesn't need to use os, because it's just checking the string. So maybe the os import is a red herring, or perhaps it's part of another part of the code. But for this function, we don't need it.

So the code would be:

def match(filename):
    """
    Check if the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'

    Args:
        filename: filename to be check
    Returns:
        Return True if the type of the given filename in lower case is 'doxyfile'
    """
    return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

Wait, but the docstring says "type of the given filename", which is confusing. Because the type would be a string. But the function is checking the value, not the type. So maybe the docstring is incorrect. But the user provided the docstring as part of the problem, so I have to follow that. But the code is correct as per the docstring's description. Even if the docstring is a bit confusing, the code does what it says.

So the code is straightforward. Just compare the lowercased filename to 'doxyfile'.
