
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the _dump_string function based on the given signature and docstring. The function is supposed to serialize a Python object into a YAML stream. The imported package is yaml, so I should use that.

First, the function takes 'obj' and an optional 'dumper' parameter. The docstring says it returns a YAML stream. The yaml module's dump function can convert a Python object to a YAML string. But wait, the function is named _dump_string, which might imply it's a helper function. However, the standard way to dump to YAML in PyYAML is using yaml.dump().

Wait, the user mentioned that the function should return a YAML stream. The yaml.dump function returns a string, which can be considered a stream. So maybe the function is just wrapping yaml.dump. But the parameter 'dumper' is present. Oh, maybe the dumper is a custom dumper, like a function that modifies how the object is dumped. But in PyYAML, the dump function allows for a Dumper class, not a dumper function. Hmm.

Wait, looking at the PyYAML documentation, the dump function has a 'Dumper' parameter, which is a class, not a function. So perhaps the 'dumper' here is meant to be a Dumper class. But the function signature has 'dumper=None', so maybe the default is None, and if provided, it's used as the Dumper class.

So the code would be something like: return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper). But wait, if dumper is None, then it uses the default. But the default Dumper is yaml.Dumper. So maybe the code is:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

But wait, the function's docstring says it returns a YAML stream. The yaml.dump function returns a string, which is the YAML representation. So that's correct.

But why is the function named _dump_string? Maybe because it's intended to be used internally, hence the leading underscore. The user's context says that the imported package is yaml, and the function is within a file and class, but the code doesn't need to handle that. The code just needs to implement the function.

So the code would be as simple as that. But maybe there's more to it. For example, handling exceptions or specific types. But the docstring doesn't mention any of that. The user's instruction is to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, so probably just using yaml.dump is sufficient.

Therefore, the code is:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    """
    Given a python object and serialize it into a YAML stream

    Args:
        obj: python object

    Returns:
        YAML stream
    """
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

Wait, but the original function's parameters include 'dumper=None', and the code uses Dumper=dumper. That makes sense. So that's the correct approach.
