
Okay, let's see. I need to write a Python function called get_pattern that takes a pattern and a strip boolean. The goal is to convert the input into a regex pattern object. The docstring says that if strip is True, spaces at the start and end should be stripped.

First, I should check what the input pattern is. If it's already a regex pattern object (like from re.compile), then maybe just return it as is. But if it's a string, I need to process it.

Wait, the function's first line says the pattern can be a string or a regex pattern object. So the first step is to check if the pattern is already a compiled regex. How do I do that? Well, in Python, the re module's RegexObject is the type of compiled patterns. So I can check if it's an instance of re.Pattern.

So, if the pattern is already a regex object, return it. Otherwise, treat it as a string.

Then, if strip is True, I need to strip whitespace from the start and end of the string. So using the str.strip() method would do that. But only if strip is True.

After stripping (if applicable), I need to compile the pattern into a regex object using re.compile. But wait, what about the flags? The original function doesn't mention any flags, so maybe the default is to use re.compile with no flags. But the user might have intended to use some flags. However, the problem statement doesn't mention flags, so maybe we don't need to handle them here.

So putting it all together:

Check if the pattern is already a regex object. If yes, return it. Else, process the string.

So code steps:

Import re.

def get_pattern(pattern, strip=True):
    if isinstance(pattern, re.Pattern):
        return pattern
    if strip:
        pattern = pattern.strip()
    return re.compile(pattern)

Wait, but what if the pattern is not a string? Like, if someone passes a number? But according to the function's docstring, the pattern is supposed to be a string or a regex object. So maybe we can assume that if it's not a regex object, it's a string. But perhaps we should check that. However, the problem statement says that the function is supposed to handle that, so maybe the code can assume that the input is correct.

So the code would be:

import re

def get_pattern(pattern, strip=True):
    """
    Convert a string to a regex pattern object

    Args:
        pattern: str or regex pattern object
        strip: boolean, whether the spaces in the start/end will be stripped
    Returns:
        regex pattern object
    """
    if isinstance(pattern, re.Pattern):
        return pattern
    if strip:
        pattern = pattern.strip()
    return re.compile(pattern)

Wait, but what if the pattern is a string that's empty after stripping? Well, that's up to the user. The function's job is to process it as per the parameters.

So that's the code. Let me check for possible errors.

If the pattern is a regex object, return it. Otherwise, strip if needed, then compile. That should work.

Yes, that seems correct.
