
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code for the get_deprecated_args method based on the given function signature and docstring. The context includes a lot of other methods and imported packages, but I need to focus on what's necessary for this specific function.

The docstring says that the method returns a dict with options that deprecate others, and the options come from self.spec_helper.iterate_option_specs(). So, the main task is to iterate over the option specs using the spec_helper and collect those that have a deprecation status.

First, I need to check if self.spec_helper has the iterate_option_specs method. The context mentions that self.spec_helper is part of the class, so that's probably available. The method should loop through each option spec and check if it's deprecated. Then, build a dictionary where the keys are the deprecated options and the values are the options they deprecate.

Wait, the docstring says "options which deprecate others"—so maybe each entry in the dict is a deprecated option pointing to the one it deprecates. Or perhaps it's the other way around. The wording is a bit ambiguous. But the function's purpose is to return the deprecated options, so maybe each key is the deprecated option, and the value is the new one it's replaced by.

Assuming that each option spec has a 'deprecated' key or similar. So, in the code, for each option in iterate_option_specs(), check if it's deprecated. If so, add it to the dictionary. But how to structure the dict? Maybe the key is the deprecated option's name, and the value is the option it deprecates. Or perhaps the value is a list of options that are deprecated by this one. But the docstring says "options which deprecate others," so maybe each entry in the dict is an option that has deprecated others. So, for example, if option A deprecates option B, then the dict would have an entry for A with B as the value.

Alternatively, maybe the dict maps deprecated options to their replacements. For example, if option 'old' is deprecated in favor of 'new', then the dict would have 'old': 'new'.

But without knowing the exact structure of the option specs, I have to make an assumption. Let's look at the context again. The user mentioned that the method is used in validate_arg_deprecation, which probably checks if an argument is deprecated and replaces it. So, the get_deprecated_args method likely returns a mapping of deprecated arguments to their replacements.

So, the code would iterate over each option spec, check if it's deprecated, and if so, add an entry to the dictionary where the key is the deprecated argument name, and the value is the argument it's replaced by.

But how to get that information from the option spec? Maybe each option spec has a 'deprecated_by' field or a 'replaces' field. Alternatively, maybe the spec has a 'deprecated' boolean and a 'replacement' field.

Since the exact structure isn't given, I'll have to make a reasonable guess. Let's assume that each option spec has a 'deprecated' key indicating if it's deprecated, and a 'replaces' key indicating which argument it replaces. Or perhaps the spec has a 'deprecated' key that points to the new argument.

Alternatively, perhaps the spec_helper's iterate_option_specs returns objects that have a 'deprecated' attribute, and the replacement is stored elsewhere. But without more info, I'll proceed with a common pattern.

A common approach is that a deprecated argument has a 'deprecated' field set to True and a 'replaces' field indicating the new argument. So, in the code, for each option in iterate_option_specs(), if it's deprecated, add it to the dict with the key as the option's name and the value as the replacement.

So, the code might look like this:

def get_deprecated_args(self):
    deprecated_args = {}
    for option in self.spec_helper.iterate_option_specs():
        if option.get('deprecated'):
            deprecated_args[option['name']] = option.get('replaces')
    return deprecated_args

But I need to make sure that the keys and values are correctly named. Alternatively, maybe the deprecated argument's spec has a 'deprecates' field listing the arguments it deprecates. But again, without knowing the actual structure, this is speculative.

Another possibility is that the 'deprecated' field in the option spec indicates that this option is deprecated, and the 'replacement' field is the new option. So, the code would collect all options where 'deprecated' is True, and map their names to their replacement.

Alternatively, maybe the 'deprecated' field is a list of options that this one deprecates. But that's less likely.

Given the ambiguity, the safest approach is to create a dictionary where each key is the name of a deprecated option, and the value is the option it deprecates. So, the code would iterate through each option, check if it's deprecated, and if so, add it to the dict. The exact fields would depend on the spec_helper's structure, but since the user hasn't provided that, I'll proceed with a plausible example.

Another thing to consider: the method is part of a class that has a spec_helper attribute, which has the iterate_option_specs method. So, the code would use that method to get the options.

Putting it all together, the function would loop through each option, check for deprecation status, and build the dictionary accordingly. The exact implementation details depend on the structure of the option specs, but given the information available, this is a reasonable approach.
