
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function check_digests_present_and_used based on the given signature and docstring. Let me think about what this function is supposed to do.

The function's purpose is to check that all digests in the manifest files are present and used. If there's an issue, it should return an error() from the class. But wait, the docstring says "Return error() in the class." Hmm, maybe the class has an error method that's supposed to be called when there's a problem. So the function probably checks if all required digests are present in the manifest files and also ensures they are used somewhere. If any are missing or not used, it returns an error.

First, I need to figure out what parameters are. The manifest_files is probably a list of files that contain digests. The digests_used is a set or list of digests that are supposed to be used. Wait, maybe the function is supposed to check that all digests in the manifest are present in the digests_used? Or the other way around? The docstring says "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." So maybe the manifest has a list of required digests, and we need to ensure that those are both present (in the files) and used (in digests_used).

Wait, perhaps the manifest_files contain the list of digests that should be present, and digests_used is the set of digests that are actually used. So the function needs to check that all digests in the manifest are present (i.e., exist in the files) and that they are also used (present in digests_used). If any digest in the manifest is missing from the files or not in digests_used, then it's an error.

But how are the manifest_files structured? Are they files that contain digests, or are they a list of file names? The parameter name is manifest_files, which might be a list of file paths. But without more context, it's a bit ambiguous. Alternatively, maybe manifest_files is a list of digests that are supposed to be present. Wait, the function's name is check_digests_present_and_used. So maybe the manifest_files is a list of digests that are supposed to be present (i.e., the manifest's required digests), and digests_used is the set of digests that are actually used. So the function needs to check that all digests in manifest_files are present (maybe in some data structure) and also used.

Alternatively, maybe the manifest_files are files that contain the list of digests, and digests_used is the set of digests that are being used. So the function needs to check that all digests in the manifest files are present (i.e., exist in the system) and are also used.

But without more context, it's a bit challenging. Let me think of possible approaches. Let's assume that manifest_files is a list of digests that are supposed to be present (maybe from a manifest file), and digests_used is a set of digests that are actually used. The function needs to check that all digests in manifest_files are present (maybe in some storage) and are also in digests_used.

Wait, but the function's name is check_digests_present_and_used. So maybe the idea is that the digests in the manifest must be both present (i.e., available) and used (i.e., referenced somewhere). So the function needs to verify that for each digest in the manifest, it exists (present) and is used.

But how do we check if a digest is present? Maybe the presence is determined by some other data structure. For example, if there's a set of available digests, and we check that all in manifest_files are in that set. Then, also check that they are in digests_used.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check that all digests that are needed (from the manifest) are present in the digests_used. Wait, the docstring says "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." Maybe the manifest contains a list of required digests, and the function checks that those are both present (in some way) and used (in digests_used).

But without knowing the exact context, I need to make assumptions. Let's proceed with the following approach:

The function is supposed to check that all digests listed in manifest_files are present (maybe in a data structure like a set of available digests) and that they are also in digests_used. If any digest in manifest_files is not present or not used, then return an error.

But how to get the available digests? Maybe the function is part of a class that has access to them. For example, maybe the class has an attribute like self.available_digests. But since the function parameters are manifest_files and digests_used, perhaps the manifest_files is a list of required digests, and we need to check that they are all in digests_used (i.e., used) and also present (maybe in some other structure). But again, without more context, this is unclear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check that all digests in the manifest (manifest_files) are present in the digests_used. So, for example, if manifest_files is a list of required digests, and digests_used is the set of digests that are actually used, then the function checks that all required digests are in the used set. If not, return an error.

But the docstring says "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." The word "present" might mean that they exist in the system (like files or some storage), and "used" means they are in digests_used. But without knowing how to check presence, perhaps the presence is determined by whether they are in the digests_used? That doesn't make sense. Maybe the presence is checked by some other method.

Alternatively, maybe the function is checking that all digests in the manifest are present in the digests_used. So, for example, if the manifest requires certain digests, and digests_used is the set of digests that are being used, then the function ensures that all required ones are in the used set. That would make sense. So the function would check if the set of manifest_files is a subset of digests_used. If not, return an error.

But then why the name "present and used"? Maybe "present" refers to being in the manifest, and "used" refers to being in digests_used. But that seems redundant. Alternatively, maybe the function checks that all digests that are present in the manifest are also used, and that all required digests are present (i.e., exist in some storage).

This is a bit confusing. Let me think of possible code.

Assuming that manifest_files is a list of digests that are supposed to be present (i.e., available) and used. The function needs to check that all of them are present (maybe in a set of available digests) and that they are in digests_used.

But since the parameters are manifest_files and digests_used, perhaps the function is checking that all digests in manifest_files are present in digests_used. That is, the manifest_files are the required digests, and digests_used is the set of digests that are actually used. The function checks that all required are used.

In that case, the code would be something like:

for digest in manifest_files:
    if digest not in digests_used:
        return self.error(...)

But then, what about the "present" part? Maybe "present" refers to being in the manifest, but that's given. Or maybe the presence is checked against another data structure.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to check that all digests in the manifest are present (i.e., exist in the system, like files) and that they are also used. But how to check presence? For example, if each digest corresponds to a file, then checking if the file exists.

But without knowing the exact context, perhaps the function is simply checking that all digests in manifest_files are in digests_used. Let me proceed with that assumption, given the ambiguity.

So the code would be:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    for digest in manifest_files:
        if digest not in digests_used:
            return self.error("Digest {} is present in manifest but not used".format(digest))
    return None  # or some success indicator

But the docstring says "Return error() in the class." So perhaps the function returns the error method of the class when there's an issue. The error() method might be a method in the class that returns an error object or raises an exception.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return an error message or some error object. But the exact implementation of error() is not provided. So the code would call self.error() with some message when there's a problem.

So, the function would iterate through each digest in manifest_files. For each digest, check if it is in digests_used. If not, return self.error(...).

But what about the "present" part? Maybe the presence is checked against another set. For example, if there's a set of available digests, and the function checks that the manifest_files are a subset of available and also a subset of digests_used.

But again, without knowing the exact context, it's hard to say. Let me think of another approach.

The function's name is check_digests_present_and_used. So maybe it's checking that all digests that are present (i.e., exist in some storage) are also used. But that would be the opposite of what I thought earlier. Or perhaps it's checking that all required digests are present (i.e., exist) and are used.

Alternatively, maybe the function is checking two things: 1) that all digests in the manifest are present (i.e., exist in the system), and 2) that all digests that are needed (maybe from some other source) are used. But again, without more context, this is speculative.

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the best approach is to write code that checks that all digests in manifest_files are present in digests_used. That would satisfy the part about being "used". The "present" part might be redundant or refer to being in the manifest, which they are by definition.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check that all digests that are used (digests_used) are present in the manifest_files. But that would be the opposite.

Hmm. Given the uncertainty, perhaps I should proceed with writing tests first, as the user suggested a test-driven approach.

So, for test-driven development, I need to think of possible test cases.

Test case 1: All digests in manifest_files are present in digests_used. Expected: no error.

Test case 2: One digest in manifest_files is not in digests_used. Expected: error.

Test case 3: manifest_files is empty. Expected: no error.

Test case 4: digests_used is empty, but manifest_files has items. Expected: error.

Based on these tests, the function would check that all items in manifest_files are in digests_used.

So the code would be:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    for digest in manifest_files:
        if digest not in digests_used:
            return self.error(f"Digest {digest} is present in manifest but not used")
    return None

But the docstring says "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." So maybe "present" refers to being in the manifest, which they are, and "used" refers to being in digests_used. So the function checks that all needed (from manifest) are used.

In this case, the code above would be correct.

Now, the error() method. Assuming that self.error is a method that returns an error object or raises an exception. For example, maybe it's a helper method in the class that constructs an error message.

But since the user hasn't provided the implementation of error(), I'll assume that it's a method that returns some error indication, perhaps a string or an exception.

So the code would be as above.

Now, generating the unit tests. The user said to first generate comprehensive unit tests before writing the actual code. But since the user wants the code generated based on the function signature and docstring, perhaps the tests are part of the code generation process.

But the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, outputting only the code in Python markdown format. However, the tips mention test-driven development, so maybe the user expects the tests to be written first.

But the original question says: "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

So the user wants the code for the function, not the tests. But the tip says to first generate tests. However, the user might be expecting the code for the function, not the tests.

But given the ambiguity, perhaps I should proceed with writing the function code based on the assumption that it checks that all digests in manifest_files are present in digests_used.

So the code would be as follows:

class SomeClass:
    def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
        """
        Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used. Return error() in the class.
        """
        for digest in manifest_files:
            if digest not in digests_used:
                return self.error(f"Digest {digest} is present in manifest but not used")
        return None  # or some success indication

But the error() method is not defined. However, the user's docstring says to return error() in the class, so it's assumed that the class has such a method.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to return an error message string. But without knowing the exact implementation, it's hard to say.

Another possibility: the manifest_files is a list of file names, and the function checks that each file exists (present) and that the digest from the file is used. But again, without more context, it's hard to know.

But given the initial information, the code I wrote seems plausible.
