
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called status_str, which returns a string representation using self.log.status_str with an optional prefix.

First, I need to figure out what the existing code might look like. The function is a method of a class, since it uses self. The docstring mentions self.log.status_str, so there's probably a log attribute in the class that has a status_str method or property.

The task is to generate the code for this function. The user also mentioned using test-driven development, so maybe I should first write the tests and then the implementation. But the user's main request is to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, not necessarily the tests. Wait, the initial instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, but the tips mention TDD, generating tests first. However, the user says to output only the code generated in Python markdown format. So perhaps they just want the implementation of the status_str method.

Looking at the function: it takes a prefix parameter, which is optional and defaults to an empty string. The docstring says it returns the string representation with self.log.status_str, with the prefix. So the implementation would likely be something like returning the prefix concatenated with self.log.status_str, maybe with some formatting.

But how is self.log.status_str structured? If self.log has a status_str attribute, maybe it's a string, and the function just adds the prefix to it. For example, return f"{prefix}{self.log.status_str}".

Alternatively, maybe the prefix is added before the status_str. So the code would be straightforward. However, without knowing the exact structure of self.log, I have to make an assumption here. The most logical approach is that self.log has a status_str attribute that's a string, and the function returns the prefix followed by that string.

So the code would be:

def status_str(self, prefix=''):
    """
    Return string representation with self.log.status_str, with optional prefix.
    """
    return f"{prefix}{self.log.status_str}"

But wait, maybe there's more to it. For example, if self.log.status_str is a method that needs to be called, like self.log.status_str(), then the code would be prefix + self.log.status_str(). But the docstring says "with self.log.status_str", which could be a property or a method. However, in Python, if it's a method, you'd need parentheses. But the way the docstring is written suggests that it's accessing an attribute, not calling a method. So probably, it's an attribute.

Therefore, the code is as I wrote above. But to make sure, perhaps the user expects that the prefix is added before the status_str. So the implementation is simple.

Now, considering the test-driven approach, the user might want tests that check if the prefix is added correctly. But the user's main request is to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, so the code is the method itself.

So the final code would be the method with the return statement combining the prefix and self.log.status_str.
