
Okay, I need to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called is_valid, which takes an identifier and returns True if it's valid. The base implementation always returns True. But the user mentioned using test-driven development, so I should start with writing tests first.

Wait, the user said to output only the code generated in Python markdown format. But the tips say to do TDD, writing tests first. However, the initial request is to generate the code based on the function signature. Maybe the user wants the actual implementation code, not the tests. But the tip suggests that I should first generate tests. Hmm, maybe the user wants both the tests and the implementation?

Looking back at the original query: the user provided a function signature and docstring, and wants the code generated. The tips mention TDD approach, so perhaps the answer should include both the test cases and the implementation. But the user says "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So maybe they want the actual code for the function, but following TDD, which would involve writing tests first. However, the initial code provided is just the function stub. 

Wait, the original code given is the function signature and docstring. The user is asking to generate the Python code based on that. The base implementation returns True always. So the actual code would be the implementation of is_valid. But since the user mentioned TDD, perhaps the answer should include the test cases first, then the implementation. But the user says to output only the code generated. Maybe the user is expecting the code for the function, but following TDD, which would involve writing tests first. However, the initial code is just the function, so perhaps the answer is just the function's code. But the base implementation is already given as returning True. So maybe the user wants the code for the function, which is just the stub. But that seems too simple. Alternatively, maybe the user wants the code with the tests. But the original instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, which would be the function itself. 

Wait, the original function's docstring says it's a base implementation that always returns True. So the code for that function would be:

def is_valid(self, identifier):
    """
    Return True if identifier is valid. In this base implementation, always return True.  (D)
    """
    return True

But maybe the user wants the tests as well. However, the user says "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So perhaps the answer is just the function code. But the tip says to do TDD, so maybe the answer should include the tests first. However, the user's instruction might be conflicting. But since the user provided the function signature and docstring, and the task is to generate the code based on that, the answer is the function code. So I'll proceed with writing the function as per the given docstring, which returns True always.
