
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function file_to_textbuffer based on the given signature and docstring. The user also mentioned using test-driven development, so I should start by writing comprehensive unit tests before implementing the actual code.

First, let me think about what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says it loads a file into a text buffer. So, the function probably reads the contents of the specified file using the given encoding and returns the text. But I need to make sure I handle possible exceptions, like if the file doesn't exist or if there's an encoding error.

For the unit tests, I should consider different scenarios. For example, testing when the file exists and is readable, when the file doesn't exist, when there's an encoding issue, and maybe when the file is empty. Using Python's unittest framework would be a good approach here.

Let me outline the test cases:

1. Test successful reading of a file with correct encoding.
2. Test file not found error.
3. Test incorrect encoding error.
4. Test empty file.

Now, I'll write the test code. I'll need to create a temporary file for testing. Using tempfile module would help here. Also, I should mock some exceptions or use assertRaises to check for correct error handling.

Wait, but the function's current code isn't written yet. Since I'm doing TDD, I'll write the tests first, then implement the function to make them pass.

So the tests will be in a class inheriting from unittest.TestCase. Each test method will check a different scenario.

For the first test, create a temporary file with some text, then call file_to_textbuffer and check if the returned text matches.

For the file not found case, try to read a non-existent file and ensure that the function raises a FileNotFoundError.

For encoding errors, maybe create a file with bytes that can't be decoded with a specified encoding, then check if it raises UnicodeDecodeError.

Now, moving on to the actual function implementation. The function needs to open the file, read its contents, and return the text. But it should handle exceptions. However, the original function signature doesn't have exception handling. Wait, the user hasn't specified any error handling in the docstring. So maybe the function is supposed to raise exceptions as per normal Python file operations. But perhaps the user expects the function to handle some errors, but the docstring doesn't mention it. Hmm.

Looking back, the docstring says "Load a file toward a text buffer" but doesn't mention error handling. So maybe the function is supposed to raise exceptions if something goes wrong, like FileNotFoundError or UnicodeDecodeError. So the function would be straightforward: open the file with the given encoding and return the read text.

So the code would be:

def file_to_textbuffer(file_name, encoding):
    with open(file_name, 'r', encoding=encoding) as file:
        return file.read()

But wait, what about the mode? Using 'r' is correct for reading. Also, the encoding parameter is passed to open. That seems right.

But in Python, if the file can't be opened, open() will raise an exception. So the function doesn't handle those errors, it propagates them. That's probably acceptable unless the user expects otherwise. Since the docstring doesn't mention error handling, perhaps that's the intended behavior.

Now, the tests. Let me structure them.

In the test cases, I'll use tempfile to create a temporary file. For example, in test_success, create a temp file with 'hello' and check if the function returns that.

For the file not found test, try to read a non-existent file and assert that it raises FileNotFoundError.

For the encoding error, create a file with some invalid bytes for the specified encoding. For example, write bytes that can't be decoded with 'utf-8', then try to read with that encoding and expect UnicodeDecodeError.

But how to create such a file? Maybe write some invalid bytes. For example, for 'utf-8', a byte like 0xff would cause an error. So in the test, create a file with that byte and check if the function raises the appropriate error.

Now, putting all this into code.

The test class would be something like:

import unittest
import tempfile
import os

class TestFileToTextBuffer(unittest.TestCase):
    def test_success(self):
        with tempfile.NamedTemporaryFile(mode='w+', delete=False) as tmpfile:
            tmpfile.write("Hello, world!")
            tmpfile_path = tmpfile.name
        result = file_to_textbuffer(tmpfile_path, 'utf-8')
        self.assertEqual(result, "Hello, world!")
        os.remove(tmpfile_path)

    def test_file_not_found(self):
        with self.assertRaises(FileNotFoundError):
            file_to_textbuffer('nonexistentfile.txt', 'utf-8')

    def test_encoding_error(self):
        with tempfile.NamedTemporaryFile(mode='wb', delete=False) as tmpfile:
            tmpfile.write(b'\xff')
            tmpfile_path = tmpfile.name
        with self.assertRaises(UnicodeDecodeError):
            file_to_textbuffer(tmpfile_path, 'utf-8')
        os.remove(tmpfile_path)

But wait, in the encoding error test, the file is opened in 'wb' mode, which writes bytes. Then, when trying to read with 'utf-8' encoding, it should raise an error.

But in the function, the open is in 'r' mode with the given encoding. So that should work.

Now, the problem is that the user wants the code generated, but the initial code is just the function signature. So the answer should first present the tests, then the function implementation.

But the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, outputting only the code in Python markdown format. However, the tips suggest doing TDD, so first generate tests, then the code.

But the user might expect the code to include both the tests and the function. However, the initial problem says to generate Python code based on the function signature and docstring. But the tips suggest writing tests first.

But the user's instruction says "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

So perhaps the user wants the function implementation, but following TDD, so the answer should include the tests and the function.

But the original problem may not require the tests to be part of the code. However, the tips suggest that the assistant should follow TDD, generating tests first. But the user may want the code for the function, not the tests.

Wait, the user says "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring." So the code is the function, not the tests. However, the tips suggest that the assistant should first generate tests. But the user's main request is to generate the code for the function. So perhaps the answer is just the function code, but the assistant is supposed to think about TDD, but the output is only the code for the function.

But the user says "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So perhaps the answer is the function code, not the tests.

But the initial problem may be ambiguous. However, given the user's instruction, the answer is the function code. However, the tips suggest that the assistant should first generate tests. But the user may not want the tests in the output. Therefore, perhaps the answer is the function code.

But the user might be expecting the tests as part of the code. But the original problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, which is the function. So the answer is the function code.

But I need to make sure. Let me recheck the user's message:

"Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

So the code generated is the function, not the tests. The tips are for the assistant's thinking process, but the output is only the code for the function.

Therefore, the correct answer is the function implementation. However, the assistant is supposed to think about TDD, but the output is only the code for the function.

So the function code is:

def file_to_textbuffer(file_name, encoding):
    """
    Load a file toward a text buffer
    """
    with open(file_name, 'r', encoding=encoding) as file:
        return file.read()

But perhaps the user expects error handling. However, the docstring doesn't mention it. So the function is as simple as that.

But maybe the function should handle exceptions and return None or something, but since the docstring doesn't specify, it's better to follow the standard behavior.

Thus, the code is as above.
