
Okay, let's see. I need to generate Python code for the function is_fill_request_el, which checks if an object has both 'fill' and 'request' attributes. The user mentioned using test-driven development, so I should start with writing tests first.

Hmm, what are the possible scenarios? The function should return True if the object has both attributes, False otherwise. So I need to test cases where the object has both, only one, neither, and maybe even cases where the attributes are not callable or are something else. Wait, the docstring says "has the fill and request attributes"—so it's checking for the presence of those attributes, regardless of their type? Or does it check if they are methods?

Wait, the function's name is is_fill_request_el. The docstring says "Check whether the obj class has the fill and request attributes." So it's checking if the class of the object has those attributes. Wait, but the function is called with 'obj', which is an instance, perhaps? Or maybe it's checking the class of the object. Wait, the function is written as def is_fill_request_el(obj): so the parameter is an object. So the function is checking if the object has both 'fill' and 'request' attributes. But how? Using hasattr?

So the function would check if the object has both attributes. So, the code would be something like:

return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'request')

But maybe the original code is supposed to check if the class has those attributes, but the function is written to take an instance. Well, the docstring says "obj class has the fill and request attributes"—maybe that's a typo, and they mean the object has those attributes. Because the class would have them as class attributes, but the instance might not. But the function is written to take an obj, which is probably an instance.

So the code would be as simple as checking if both attributes exist on the object.

Now, for the tests. Let's think of test cases.

Test case 1: An object that has both fill and request attributes. For example, a class with those attributes.

Test case 2: An object that has fill but not request.

Test case 3: An object that has request but not fill.

Test case 4: An object that has neither.

Also, maybe check that it works with instances, not just classes.

So, for the tests, I can create a class with both attributes, another with one, etc.

So the test code would use the unittest module. Let's outline the tests.

Then, after writing the tests, implement the function.

But the user wants the code generated, so first the tests, then the function.

Wait, but the user said to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. But the tips say to do test-driven development, first generating comprehensive unit tests. So the answer should include the tests first, then the function.

So the code would be in Python markdown format, with the tests and then the function.

So the code would look like:

import unittest

class TestIsFillRequestEL(unittest.TestCase):
    def test_has_both_attributes(self):
        class TestClass:
            def fill(self): pass
            def request(self): pass
        self.assertTrue(is_fill_request_el(TestClass()))
    
    def test_missing_fill(self):
        class TestClass:
            def request(self): pass
        self.assertFalse(is_fill_request_el(TestClass()))
    
    def test_missing_request(self):
        class TestClass:
            def fill(self): pass
        self.assertFalse(is_fill_request_el(TestClass()))
    
    def test_missing_both(self):
        class TestClass:
            pass
        self.assertFalse(is_fill_request_el(TestClass()))

def is_fill_request_el(obj):
    return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'request')

Wait, but maybe the attributes are not methods. For example, if they are instance variables. But the function is checking for attributes, regardless of their type. So the code is correct as written.

But perhaps the original intention was to check if the object has methods named fill and request. In that case, the code would need to check if they are callable. But the docstring says "has the fill and request attributes"—so attributes, not necessarily methods. So the code is correct as written.

So the tests cover those cases. The test cases are written with classes that have the attributes. The function is implemented using hasattr.

So that's the code.
