
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _inline_r_setup based on the given signature and docstring. The function takes a string code and returns a modified string. The docstring mentions that some R configurations can't be set via environment variables and need to be set via R options once R starts. So, the function's purpose is probably to modify the provided R code to include certain setup options.

First, I should think about what R options are typically set this way. Common ones might be options like --no-save, --no-restore, or setting working directories. Maybe the function adds these options to the R code.

The function's name suggests it's for inline R setup, perhaps in a context where R code is executed from Python, like using rpy2 or similar libraries. So the code might be adding R commands to set options.

Looking at the parameters: the input code is a string, and the output is a modified string. So the function probably prepends or appends some R code to the input.

For example, adding lines like options(warn = -1) or setting the working directory. Let's say the function adds some standard R setup lines before the user's code.

So the function could be inserting lines at the beginning of the code string. Let's check the example: if the input code is "print('hello')", the output might be "options(warn = -1)\nprint('hello')".

But how to determine exactly what options to add? The docstring says it's for configurations that can't be set via env variables. Maybe the function is part of a larger system where certain defaults are applied.

Since the user hasn't provided specific details, I'll make a reasonable assumption. Let's say the function adds R options to suppress warnings and set the working directory. So the code would prepend those lines.

Now, writing the function: take the input code, prepend the R options, and return the combined string.

Testing this, the function should modify the code correctly. For example, if code is "plot(1:10)", the output should have the setup lines before the plot command.

So the code for the function would be:

def _inline_r_setup(code: str) -> str:
    setup_code = """
options(warn = -1)
Sys.setwd("/some/path")
"""
    return setup_code + code

But wait, the setup_code should probably be dynamically generated or based on some configuration. However, since the function is named _inline_r_setup, maybe it's part of a specific library's internal code, and the exact options are fixed.

Alternatively, maybe the function is adding comments or specific R commands. But without more info, I'll proceed with adding common options.

Another consideration: the code parameter might already have some R code, so the setup should be added before it. The function concatenates the setup code with the input code.

Now, for the unit tests. Since the user mentioned test-driven development, I should write tests first. But the user wants the code generated, not the tests. Wait, the original instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, and output only the code in Python markdown. But the tips mention to first generate tests. However, the user says to output only the code generated, so maybe the tests are not required here. Wait, the initial problem says to generate the Python code based on the function signature and docstring. The user's instruction says to output only the code generated, in Python markdown format. So perhaps the answer is just the function implementation.

But the user's example shows that the assistant should generate code, not tests. So focusing on the function.

So the final code would be the function that modifies the input code by adding R setup options. The exact options are not specified, but based on the docstring, they are options that can't be set via env variables. So the function is responsible for inserting R code to set those options.

Therefore, the code would look like:

def _inline_r_setup(code: str) -> str:
    """
    Some behaviour of R cannot be configured via env variables, but can
    only be configured via R options once R has started. These are set here.
    """
    # Adding R options that can't be set via environment variables
    setup = "options(warn = -1)\n"  # Example option
    return setup + code

But maybe multiple options. Let's add a few more:

setup = """
options(warn = -1)
options(stringsAsFactors = FALSE)
Sys.setenv(LANG="en_US.UTF-8")
"""
return setup + code

But the exact setup depends on the specific use case. Since the user hasn't provided specifics, I'll choose common options.

So the final code would be the function that prepends these setup lines to the input code.
