
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the _resolve_string function based on the given docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do.

The function takes a matcher, which probably is a regex match object. The matcher has a group dict that contains a name and an optional default value. The goal is to get the value from the environment variables. If the variable isn't found and there's no default, raise an error.

First, I need to extract the name and default from the matcher's group dict. Let me think about how the matcher is structured. Maybe the group dict has keys like 'name' and 'default'? The docstring mentions "name and an optional default value in its group dict." So, the matcher's groupdict() should have these keys.

So, the steps are:

1. Get the name from the group dict. Probably, the key is 'name'. So name = matcher.groupdict()['name'].
2. Check if there's a default value. Maybe the key is 'default', but maybe it's optional. So default = matcher.groupdict().get('default', None).
3. Then, look up the environment variable using os.environ.get(name, default). Wait, but if the default is not provided (i.e., None), then os.environ.get would return None if the variable isn't present. But according to the docstring, if the variable isn't defined and no default is provided, an error is raised.

Wait, the docstring says: "If the variable is not defined in environment and no default value is provided, an Error is raised." So, if the default is present (even if it's an empty string?), then use that. Otherwise, if the variable is missing, raise an error.

So, the logic would be:

- Check if the name is in the environment. If it is, return its value.
- If not, check if a default is provided. If yes, return the default.
- If neither, raise an error.

But how to determine if the default is provided? Because the default could be an empty string, which is a valid value. So, maybe the presence of the 'default' key in the groupdict indicates that a default is provided. Wait, but the groupdict might have a 'default' key with a value, even if it's empty. So, perhaps the code should check if the 'default' key exists in the groupdict. Or maybe the matcher is constructed in a way that if the default is present, it's in the groupdict.

Alternatively, perhaps the matcher's groupdict has 'name' and possibly 'default' as keys. So, the code would extract name and default from the groupdict. For example, if the regex has a named group for name and an optional group for default.

So, the code would be something like:

name = matcher.groupdict()['name']
default = matcher.groupdict().get('default')

But if the 'default' key is not present, then default would be None. Then, when checking, if the environment variable is not present, and default is None, then raise an error. Otherwise, return the default.

Wait, but the default could be an empty string. So, maybe the presence of the 'default' key in the groupdict is what determines whether a default is provided. So, if 'default' is in the groupdict, then use that as the default. Otherwise, no default.

So, the code:

group_dict = matcher.groupdict()
name = group_dict['name']
default = group_dict.get('default')

if name not in os.environ:
    if default is not None:
        return default
    else:
        raise Error("Variable not found and no default provided")
else:
    return os.environ[name]

But wait, the Error type isn't specified. The docstring says "an Error is raised." Probably, it's an exception like KeyError or ValueError. But the user might expect a specific exception. However, since the function is part of some code, perhaps it's better to raise a ValueError or a custom exception. But the problem says to generate the code based on the docstring, so perhaps the exact exception isn't specified. Maybe the user expects to raise a ValueError.

But the original code may have a specific exception. However, the problem doesn't specify, so I'll assume that it's a ValueError.

So, putting it all together:

import os

def _resolve_string(matcher):
    group_dict = matcher.groupdict()
    name = group_dict['name']
    default = group_dict.get('default')

    value = os.environ.get(name, default)
    if value is None and default is None:
        raise ValueError(f"Environment variable '{name}' not found and no default provided.")
    return value

Wait, but os.environ.get returns the default if the key is not present. Wait, no. The second argument to os.environ.get is the default value. So, if name is not in os.environ, then os.environ.get(name, default) would return default. But if default is None, then it would return None. So, in that case, if the name is not present and default is None, then value is None. Then, we need to check if that's the case and raise an error.

But in the code above, if name is not present, and default is None, then value is None, and then the condition value is None and default is None would be true. So, that would raise the error.

But what if the default is present but is an empty string? For example, if the default is an empty string, then os.environ.get would return that, and value would be empty string, which is not None, so the code would return it.

Yes, that seems correct.

But wait, what if the default is provided but is not present in the groupdict? Like, if the matcher's groupdict doesn't have a 'default' key. Then, default would be None. So, in that case, if the environment variable is missing, then we raise an error.

So, the code seems correct.

But I need to make sure that the group_dict has the 'name' key. Because if the matcher is constructed with a regex that doesn't have a 'name' group, then group_dict['name'] would raise a KeyError. But the function's docstring says that the matcher contains a name, so perhaps the code assumes that the matcher has a 'name' group. So, the code may not handle that case, but that's probably up to the caller to ensure.

So, the code would be:

import os

def _resolve_string(matcher):
    """
    Get the value from environment given a matcher containing a name and an optional default value in its group dict.
    If the variable is not defined in environment and no default value is provided, an Error is raised.
    """
    group_dict = matcher.groupdict()
    name = group_dict['name']
    default = group_dict.get('default')

    value = os.environ.get(name, default)
    if value is None and default is None:
        raise ValueError(f"Environment variable '{name}' not found and no default provided.")
    return value

Wait, but what if the default is present but is not a string? Well, the function is called _resolve_string, so perhaps the default is expected to be a string. But the code doesn't validate that. However, the problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, not to add extra validations unless specified.

So, this code should work.

Now, the user also mentioned that I should follow test-driven development, generating unit tests first. But the problem says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, outputting only the code generated in Python markdown format. However, the user's initial instruction says to generate the code, but the tips mention TDD. But the user's main request is to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, not the tests. However, the user's message says "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

So, the answer should be the code for the function, not the tests. But the tips suggest to first generate tests. However, the user's instruction says to output only the code generated. So perhaps the user wants the function code, not the tests. But the initial problem says that the user is a Python software engineer and wants the code generated based on the function signature and docstring. So, the answer is the function code.

So, the code I wrote above is the function. However, I need to make sure that the code is correct.

Another thing: the function is named _resolve_string, which suggests it's a helper function. The code uses os.environ.get, which returns the default if the key is not present. But in the code, if the default is provided (i.e., group_dict has 'default' key), then os.environ.get(name, default) would use that. However, if the default is not provided (i.e., group_dict does not have 'default' key), then default is None, and os.environ.get(name, None) would return None if the variable is not present. Then, the code checks if value is None and default is None (which would be True in that case), and raises an error.

Yes, that's correct.

So, the code should be as written.
