
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function identify_request based on the given signature and docstring. The function checks if a request's JSON body contains events and returns True or False. But wait, the user mentioned using test-driven development, so I should start with writing tests first.

First, I should think about what the tests would look like. The function takes a RequestType object. But what is RequestType? It's probably a custom type, maybe a class that has a way to get the JSON body. So, for testing, I might need to mock or create a mock RequestType object that has a json property or a method to get the JSON data.

The tests should cover cases where the JSON has events, doesn't have events, and maybe cases where the JSON is not present or invalid. But the docstring says to check if the request body loaded using JSON contains events. So the function probably expects that the request has a JSON body. If the JSON is not present, maybe it returns False? Or does it raise an error? The docstring isn't clear. But the function returns a bool, so perhaps it's assumed that the request has a JSON body. Or maybe the function tries to load the JSON and if that fails, returns False?

Wait, the docstring says "Check whether the request body loaded using JSON contains events." So the function is trying to load the body as JSON. If that fails, maybe it returns False? Or maybe it's assumed that the request is already parsed as JSON. Hmm, the wording is a bit ambiguous. But the function's job is to check if the JSON body contains events. So perhaps the function first attempts to parse the request body as JSON. If that fails, return False. Then check if the 'events' key is present and has a non-empty value.

But how is the RequestType structured? Let's assume that the RequestType has a body attribute that is a string, and we need to parse that as JSON. So, for example, the request object might have a .body property which is the raw string. So the function would try to parse that into a JSON object, then check for the presence of 'events' key.

Alternatively, maybe the RequestType already has a json attribute that's the parsed JSON. For example, in some web frameworks, the request object has a .json property that's automatically parsed. So the function could check if 'events' is in request.json.

But since the user hasn't provided the definition of RequestType, I need to make assumptions here. Let's assume that the RequestType has a .json attribute which is a dictionary. So the function would check if 'events' is a key in that dictionary. But the docstring says "contains events", which could mean that the 'events' key exists and has a non-empty list or something. But the exact condition isn't specified. The function returns True if events are present, else False.

So, for the tests, I need to create mock Request objects. Let's think about possible test cases:

1. Request with JSON body containing 'events' key: returns True.
2. Request with JSON body without 'events' key: returns False.
3. Request with non-JSON body (like text/plain): maybe returns False, but how does the function handle that? If the function assumes that the request is JSON, perhaps it's expected that the request is already parsed. But if the function is responsible for parsing, then maybe it tries to parse and if it fails, returns False.

But the function's docstring says "request body loaded using JSON", implying that the body is loaded as JSON. So perhaps the function is supposed to parse the body as JSON, and then check for 'events'.

So, the function might look like this:

def identify_request(request: RequestType) -> bool:
    try:
        json_data = json.loads(request.body)
    except (json.JSONDecodeError, AttributeError):
        return False
    return 'events' in json_data

But again, this depends on the RequestType's structure. If the RequestType has a .body attribute that's a string, then this makes sense. However, if the RequestType is something else, like a Flask request, then maybe request.get_json() is used.

But since the user hasn't provided the exact definition, I have to make assumptions. For the purpose of writing the tests and the function, I'll proceed with the assumption that the RequestType has a .body attribute which is a string, and the function needs to parse it as JSON and check for 'events'.

Now, writing the tests. Using pytest, for example. The tests would create mock Request objects with different body contents.

But how to mock the RequestType? Maybe create a simple class for testing purposes.

So, the test cases:

Test case 1: Request with JSON body containing 'events' key. Expected True.

Test case 2: Request with JSON body without 'events' key. Expected False.

Test case 3: Request with non-JSON body (like a string that's not valid JSON). Expected False.

Test case 4: Request with empty body. Expected False.

Test case 5: Request with JSON body but 'events' is an empty list. Should that return False? The docstring says "contains events", which could mean that there are events present. If 'events' is an empty list, maybe it's considered not containing events. But the docstring isn't clear. The function returns True if the JSON contains events. So maybe the presence of the 'events' key is sufficient, regardless of its value. Or maybe the 'events' key must have a non-empty value.

The docstring is ambiguous here. The original function's docstring says "contains events", which could mean that the 'events' key exists. But perhaps the intended logic is that the 'events' key is present and has a non-empty list. However, without more information, I'll assume that the presence of the 'events' key is sufficient for returning True.

So, the function checks if 'events' is in the JSON data.

Now, writing the code.

But first, the tests. Let's create a mock Request class for testing.

In the test code, I can define a simple class:

class MockRequest:
    def __init__(self, body):
        self.body = body

Then, create instances of this class with different bodies.

So, the test cases would be:

def test_identify_request_with_events():
    request = MockRequest('{"events": [{"id": 1}]}')
    assert identify_request(request) is True

def test_identify_request_without_events():
    request = MockRequest('{"data": "something"}')
    assert identify_request(request) is False

def test_identify_request_invalid_json():
    request = MockRequest('invalid json')
    assert identify_request(request) is False

def test_identify_request_empty_body():
    request = MockRequest('')
    assert identify_request(request) is False

def test_identify_request_json_with_events_key_empty():
    request = MockRequest('{"events": []}')
    assert identify_request(request) is True  # Assuming presence is enough

But wait, the function's docstring says "contains events". If the 'events' key is present but empty, does that count as containing events? The docstring isn't clear. However, the original function's docstring says "contains events" which might mean that the key exists. So, the function returns True if the key is present, regardless of its value.

But maybe the intended logic is that the 'events' key exists and has a non-empty list. But without more info, I'll proceed with checking for the presence of the key.

Now, the actual function code. Based on the assumption that the RequestType has a .body attribute which is a string, and the function needs to parse it as JSON.

So, the code would be:

import json

def identify_request(request: RequestType) -> bool:
    """
    Check whether the request body loaded using JSON contains events. If yes, True is returned. Otherwise, False is returned.
    """
    try:
        json_data = json.loads(request.body)
    except (json.JSONDecodeError, AttributeError):
        return False
    return 'events' in json_data

But wait, what if request.body is not a string? For example, if the RequestType's body is not a string, but perhaps a bytes object. But again, without knowing the actual RequestType, this is speculative.

Alternatively, maybe the RequestType is from a web framework like Flask, where request.get_json() returns the parsed JSON. In that case, the function could be:

def identify_request(request: RequestType) -> bool:
    json_data = request.get_json()
    if json_data is None:
        return False
    return 'events' in json_data

But again, without knowing the actual RequestType, it's hard to say. However, the user's docstring says "request body loaded using JSON", which suggests that the body is parsed as JSON. So, the function needs to parse the body as JSON and check for the presence of 'events'.

In the absence of more information, the code I wrote earlier is a reasonable approach.

So, putting it all together, the tests and the function. However, the user asked to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, following test-driven development. So the answer should include the tests first, then the implementation.

But the user's instruction says to output ONLY the code generated in Python markdown format. So I need to write the code for the function and the tests.

But the user's initial instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, but the tips say to do test-driven development, first generating tests. So the answer should include the tests and then the function.

But the user's example shows that they want the code generated, so perhaps the answer is the function code, but with tests written first.

But the user's instruction says to output ONLY the code generated in Python markdown format. So the answer should be the code for the function and the tests, in markdown code blocks.

So, the final answer would have the tests first, then the function implementation.
