
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The user wants me to generate Python code for the validate_from_content method based on the given function signature and docstring. They also mentioned using test-driven development, so I should start with writing unit tests before the actual code.

First, I need to understand what the function does. The docstring says it validates that the spec (YAML) content has all required fields. If mandatory data is missing, it raises an IRValidatorException. The return is a dictionary with data loaded from the spec file.

Wait, the function is a class method since it's defined with 'cls' as the first parameter. So, it's part of a class, probably a validator class. The spec_content is the YAML content that needs to be validated.

So, the steps for the function would be:

1. Load the spec_content into a Python dictionary. Since it's YAML, maybe using yaml.safe_load? But the function parameter is spec_content, which might already be parsed. Wait, the parameter is called spec_content, which might be the raw YAML string. Or maybe it's already a dictionary? The docstring says "content of spec file", which could be the parsed data. Hmm, but the function returns a dictionary, so maybe it's supposed to parse the YAML content first.

Wait, the function's return is a dictionary with data loaded from the spec. So maybe the spec_content is the raw YAML string, and the function needs to parse it. But the parameter is optional, with a default of None. So if spec_content is None, perhaps it's supposed to load from a file? Wait, no, the function's name is validate_from_content, which suggests that the content is provided. So maybe the function is supposed to parse the YAML content into a dictionary, validate it, and return it.

But the function's parameters don't mention a filename. So perhaps the spec_content is the parsed YAML data. Or maybe it's a string that needs to be parsed. The docstring isn't entirely clear. However, the function returns a dictionary with data loaded from the spec, which suggests that if the spec_content is not already a dictionary, it needs to be parsed. But maybe the function is part of a larger system where the content is already parsed. Hmm.

Alternatively, maybe the spec_content is a string that needs to be parsed using YAML. So the first step is to parse it. But then, the function's parameter is called spec_content, which might be the content of the spec file (like a string). So perhaps the function starts by parsing the YAML content into a dictionary.

But the function's return is a dictionary, so maybe the parsing is part of this function. However, the function's responsibility is validation, not parsing. Wait, the docstring says "validates that spec (YAML) content has all required fields". So maybe the spec_content is already parsed into a dictionary. But then why is the function called validate_from_content? Maybe the function is supposed to take the content (as a string) and parse it, then validate.

This is a bit ambiguous. Let me think. The function is supposed to return a dictionary with data loaded from the spec. So perhaps the function is responsible for parsing the YAML content (if it's a string) into a dictionary, then validate it. But that might not be the case. Maybe the spec_content is already a dictionary, and the function just validates it. However, the parameter is optional, and the default is None. So if spec_content is None, maybe it's supposed to load from a file? But the function's name doesn't suggest that. The function's name is validate_from_content, which implies that the content is provided.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a class that has a method to load the content from a file, and this method is called after the content is loaded. But without more context, it's hard to tell. However, given the function's docstring, perhaps the spec_content is the parsed YAML data (a dictionary), and the function checks if all required fields are present.

So the function needs to check that certain mandatory fields are present in the spec_content. But what are those required fields? The docstring doesn't specify, so perhaps the actual code will have a list of required fields that the class defines. For example, maybe the class has a class variable like REQUIRED_FIELDS = ['field1', 'field2', ...], and the validate_from_content method checks that all of those are present in the spec_content.

But since the user hasn't provided that information, perhaps the code will need to have that as part of the implementation. However, the user's task is to generate code based on the given function signature and docstring. The docstring mentions that the function raises an IRValidatorException when mandatory data is missing. So the code needs to check for the presence of certain fields.

But since the required fields are not specified in the docstring, perhaps the code will have to assume that the class has a way to determine them. For example, maybe the class has a method or a variable that lists the required fields.

But given that the user hasn't provided that, perhaps the code will have to be written in a way that allows for checking required fields. For example, in the code, the class might have a list of required fields, and the validate_from_content method checks each of them.

So, putting this together, the steps for the code would be:

1. If spec_content is None, perhaps raise an error? Or maybe the function is supposed to load it from somewhere else. But the function's parameter is optional, but the docstring says it's the content of the spec file. So maybe if spec_content is None, it's invalid. However, the function's docstring doesn't mention that. Hmm.

Wait, the function's parameters have spec_content as optional, with a default of None. But the docstring says it's the content of the spec file. So perhaps the function expects that spec_content is provided. But if it's None, maybe the function can't proceed. However, the docstring doesn't mention that. So perhaps the function is supposed to handle that case, but the user hasn't specified. This is a bit ambiguous.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the YAML content. So if spec_content is a string, parse it into a dictionary. Then validate that the required fields are present. But again, without knowing the required fields, it's hard to code.

But given that the user wants me to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, perhaps the code will need to have placeholders for the required fields. For example, the class may have a class-level variable that lists the required fields.

So, in the code, the validate_from_content method would:

- Check if spec_content is provided. If not, maybe raise an exception? Or perhaps the function is supposed to load it from a file, but the function's name doesn't suggest that. This is unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps the spec_content is the parsed YAML data. So the function checks that all required fields are present in that data. If any are missing, it raises the exception.

But again, without knowing the required fields, the code can't be written. However, perhaps the code will have to assume that the required fields are defined elsewhere, like in the class.

So, the code for the function would be:

def validate_from_content(cls, spec_content=None):
    """
    validates that spec (YAML) content has all required fields

    :param spec_content: content of spec file
    :raise IRValidatorException: when mandatory data is missing in spec file
    :return: Dictionary with data loaded from a spec (YAML) file
    """
    # Assuming that the required fields are defined in the class
    required_fields = cls.REQUIRED_FIELDS  # Hypothetical class variable

    if spec_content is None:
        raise IRValidatorException("spec_content cannot be None")

    # Check if all required fields are present
    for field in required_fields:
        if field not in spec_content:
            raise IRValidatorException(f"Missing required field: {field}")

    return spec_content

But this is hypothetical. Also, the function is a class method, so it's called on the class, not an instance. So the cls parameter refers to the class.

But the problem is that the user hasn't provided the required_fields. So perhaps the code will have to be written with that assumption, but in practice, the actual implementation would have the required fields defined.

However, the user's task is to generate code based on the given function signature and docstring. So perhaps the code will need to include the validation logic, even if the required fields are not specified. But that's not possible. Therefore, perhaps the code will have to assume that the required fields are known, and the actual code will have them defined.

But since the user hasn't provided that information, maybe the code will have a placeholder, or the required fields are determined by the class.

Another thing to note is that the function returns the spec_content as a dictionary. So if the spec_content is a YAML string, the function must parse it. But the function's parameter is called spec_content, which may be the parsed data. So perhaps the function is supposed to parse the YAML content first. However, the function's docstring says that it validates the spec content, which may be the parsed data.

This is a bit confusing. Let's think again. The function's purpose is to validate that the spec (YAML) content has all required fields. So the spec_content is the content of the YAML file, which could be a string. Therefore, the first step is to parse that YAML string into a dictionary. Then, validate that all required fields are present.

So, the code would need to parse the YAML content. Therefore, the function would need to import yaml and use yaml.safe_load to parse the spec_content.

But the function's parameter is spec_content, which may be a string. So:

import yaml

def validate_from_content(cls, spec_content=None):
    if spec_content is None:
        raise IRValidatorException("spec_content is required")

    # Parse the YAML content
    try:
        data = yaml.safe_load(spec_content)
    except yaml.YAMLError as e:
        raise IRValidatorException(f"Invalid YAML content: {e}")

    # Check required fields
    required_fields = cls.REQUIRED_FIELDS
    for field in required_fields:
        if field not in data:
            raise IRValidatorException(f"Missing required field: {field}")

    return data

But again, this requires that the class has a REQUIRED_FIELDS attribute.

However, the user hasn't provided that information. So perhaps the code will need to have that as part of the class definition. But the user's task is to generate code for the function, not the entire class.

But the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. So maybe the code will have the parsing and validation steps, assuming that the required fields are known.

But the problem is that without knowing the required fields, the code can't be written. However, the user may expect that the code includes the logic to check for required fields, even if they are placeholders.

Alternatively, maybe the required fields are defined in the class, and the code references them.

But since the user hasn't provided that, perhaps the code will have to have a placeholder for the required fields.

But given that the user wants the code generated, perhaps the code should include the parsing step, the validation step, and the exception handling.

Now, considering the test-driven development approach, the user wants unit tests first.

So, first, I need to write unit tests for the validate_from_content method.

But the tests would need to check that when the spec_content is missing required fields, the exception is raised. Also, when all required fields are present, the function returns the data.

But since the required fields are not specified, the tests would need to use example fields. For example, if the required fields are 'name' and 'version', then the tests can check for those.

But since the actual required fields are not known, the tests would be hypothetical. However, the user may expect that the tests are written with placeholders.

But given that the user wants the code generated, perhaps the code for the function and the tests are to be written with the assumption that the required fields are known.

So, putting it all together, the code would be:

First, the unit tests:

import pytest
from your_module import IRValidatorException, YourClass  # Assuming the class is named YourClass

def test_validate_from_content_missing_field():
    spec_content = """
    name: example
    # version is missing
    """
    with pytest.raises(IRValidatorException) as exc_info:
        YourClass.validate_from_content(spec_content)
    assert "Missing required field: version" in str(exc_info.value)

def test_validate_from_content_valid():
    spec_content = """
    name: example
    version: 1.0
    """
    result = YourClass.validate_from_content(spec_content)
    assert result == {'name': 'example', 'version': '1.0'}

But again, this depends on the actual class and required fields.

But the user's task is to generate code based on the given function signature and docstring. So, the code for the function would need to include the parsing, validation, and returning the data.

Now, considering that the function is a class method, and that the required fields are defined in the class, the code would be:

import yaml

class IRValidatorException(Exception):
    pass

class YourClass:
    REQUIRED_FIELDS = ['name', 'version']  # Example required fields

    @classmethod
    def validate_from_content(cls, spec_content=None):
        """
        validates that spec (YAML) content has all required fields

        :param spec_content: content of spec file
        :raise IRValidatorException: when mandatory data is missing in spec file
        :return: Dictionary with data loaded from a spec (YAML) file
        """
        if spec_content is None:
            raise IRValidatorException("spec_content cannot be None")

        try:
            data = yaml.safe_load(spec_content)
        except yaml.YAMLError as e:
            raise IRValidatorException(f"Invalid YAML content: {e}")

        required_fields = cls.REQUIRED_FIELDS
        for field in required_fields:
            if field not in data:
                raise IRValidatorException(f"Missing required field: {field}")

        return data

But this is just an example. The actual required fields would depend on the application.

However, the user's problem is to generate the code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function's docstring doesn't mention parsing YAML, but the parameter is called spec_content, which could be a YAML string. So the code includes parsing the YAML content into a dictionary.

But the user may not want the code to include the YAML parsing, assuming that the spec_content is already parsed. However, the function's return is a dictionary, which suggests that it's parsing the content.

In any case, the code would need to handle parsing, validation, and return the data.

But the user's initial instruction says to generate Python code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code should be as per that.

Putting all this together, the generated code would include the class method with the validation logic, handling parsing, checking required fields, and raising exceptions.

Now, the user also mentioned to output ONLY the code generated in Python markdown format. So the answer should be the code in markdown.

But the user also said to follow test-driven development, generating tests first. So the answer should include the unit tests first, then the actual code.

But the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, outputting only the code generated. However, the tips say to first generate comprehensive unit tests before writing the actual code.

So the answer should include both the unit tests and the actual code.

But the user's instruction says to output ONLY the code generated in Python markdown format. However, the tips suggest that the assistant should first generate tests, then the code.

So the final answer would be the unit tests and the code, both in Python markdown.

But the user's original message says to generate Python code based on the function signature and docstring, and output ONLY the code generated in Python markdown format. However, the tips suggest test-driven development, so perhaps the answer includes both tests and the code.

But the user's instruction is a bit conflicting. The initial instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, but the tips suggest to first generate tests. However, the user says to output ONLY the code generated, so perhaps the answer is the code for the function and the tests.

But the user's problem is to generate the code for the function. The tests are part of the TDD approach, but the user's main request is to generate the code for the function.

But the user's instruction says to generate Python code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code for the function, and perhaps the tests as part of the code.

But the user may have intended that the assistant should generate both the tests and the code. However, the user's instruction says to output ONLY the code generated, which may include the tests.

But the initial problem statement says to generate Python code based on the function signature and docstring, and the tips suggest to first generate tests. So the answer should include the unit tests and the actual code.

Therefore, the final answer will include both the unit tests and the implementation code, in Python markdown format.
