
Okay, I need to create a Python function called files_list_from_zipfile that takes a zip_path and returns the list of files in that zip. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that the zipfile module in Python can handle zip files. So I'll need to import zipfile. The function should open the zip file, read its contents, and extract the filenames.

Wait, the user mentioned importing zipfile, so I should use that. The function needs to return a list of file names. So steps: open the zip file, get the list of names, then close it. But maybe I should handle exceptions? The docstring doesn't mention error handling, so maybe just basic code.

Wait, the user's context says to import zipfile, so I can use that. Let me outline the code:

- Open the zip file using zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r').
- Then, the namelist() method gives all the file names in the zip.
- Close the zip file.
- Return the list.

But wait, what if the zip file is not accessible? Maybe add a try-except block? But the problem says to return the files, so perhaps just proceed with the basic code.

So the code would be:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zip_ref:
        return zip_ref.namelist()

Wait, but the user's context includes other imports like logging, os, tempfile, shutil, re. But the function doesn't use them. So maybe the code is straightforward.

Wait, but the user's code may need to handle cases where the zip file is not a real zip? Like, maybe check if it's a valid zip? But the problem says to return the files in the given zip path, so assuming that zip_path is a valid zip file.

So the code is as simple as that. Let me check: the function opens the zip, gets the namelist, returns it. That's all. So the code should be:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    """
    Return the files in the given zip path.
    """
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zip_ref:
        return zip_ref.namelist()

But wait, the user's context says that the function is within a class? No, the context says "Within class: " but maybe that's empty. So the code is standalone.

But the user's code may need to handle cases where the zip is encrypted or needs a password? The problem doesn't mention that, so probably not. So the code is as above.

But the user's imported packages include zipfile, so the code is correct. So the generated code is as written.
