
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function match_file_by_prefix. Let me read the problem carefully. The function should return True if the basename of the file_path starts with the given prefix plus "-" or the prefix plus ".".

First, I should get the basename from the file_path. In Python, os.path.basename() can do that. Then, check if this basename starts with either prefix + "-" or prefix + ".".

Wait, the docstring says "startswith the given prefix plus "-" or the given prefix plus "."". So the basename must start with either prefix followed by a hyphen or a dot. For example, if the prefix is "log", then filenames like "log-2023.txt" or "log.file" should return True.

So the steps are: get the basename, then check if it starts with prefix + "-" or prefix + ".".

But wait, what if the prefix is empty? Probably, the function is intended for cases where the prefix is non-empty, but the code should handle it regardless.

So the code would be:

import os

def match_file_by_prefix(prefix, file_path):
    basename = os.path.basename(file_path)
    return basename.startswith(prefix + '-') or basename.startswith(prefix + '.')

Wait, but the problem says "startswith the given prefix plus "-" or the given prefix plus "."". So the prefix is combined with either a hyphen or a dot. So the code checks if the basename starts with either of those two combinations.

Yes, that's correct. So the code should be as above.

But wait, what if the prefix is something like "v1.0"? Then adding a hyphen would make it "v1.0-", which is correct. The startswith check would work regardless of the prefix's content.

So the code seems straightforward. Let me make sure there are no edge cases. For example, if the prefix is empty, then it would check for "-" or ".", which might not be intended, but according to the problem statement, that's how it's supposed to work.

So the code should be as written. Also, the problem mentions that the imported packages include os, logging, zipfile. But since the function only uses os.path.basename, that's okay. The other imports are probably for other parts of the code, but not needed here.

So the final code is as written.
