
Okay, I need to create a Python function called is_fill_compute_el that checks if an object has 'fill' and 'compute' methods. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function takes an object 'obj' as input. The goal is to verify that this object's class has both 'fill' and 'compute' methods. 

Wait, the docstring says "Check whether the obj class has the fill and compute methods." So it's about the class of the object, not the instance. So I should check the class's methods, not the instance's. But wait, in Python, instances can have methods, but sometimes people check the class. But maybe the intention is to check if the instance has those methods. Hmm, the wording is a bit ambiguous. Let me read the docstring again. It says "obj class has the fill and compute methods." So it's the class, not the instance. So I need to check if the class of the object has those methods.

But how to check if a class has a method? Well, in Python, you can check using the hasattr function. So for the class of obj, check if 'fill' and 'compute' are present.

Wait, but the object's class might be a subclass. So maybe the function should check if the class (or any of its parent classes) has those methods. But the docstring isn't clear on that. However, the function is named is_fill_compute_el, which might be part of a larger system where the presence of these methods is required at the class level.

So the approach would be: get the class of the object, then check if both 'fill' and 'compute' are present as methods in that class.

But how to check if a method exists in the class. Using hasattr(obj.__class__, 'fill') and hasattr(obj.__class__, 'compute')?

Wait, but if the class has those methods, then yes. But what if the methods are inherited from a parent class? The hasattr would still return True because the class (including inherited methods) would have them. So that's correct.

So the code would be: return hasattr(obj.__class__, 'fill') and hasattr(obj.__class__, 'compute').

Wait, but maybe the function is intended to check if the instance has those methods, not the class. For example, if the instance has those methods via inheritance or via being added dynamically. But the docstring says "obj class has the fill and compute methods." So it's the class, not the instance. So the code should check the class.

So the function would be:

def is_fill_compute_el(obj):
    """
    Check whether the obj class has the fill and compute methods.
    """
    return hasattr(obj.__class__, 'fill') and hasattr(obj.__class__, 'compute')

But wait, maybe the methods are not defined as instance methods but as class methods or static methods? But the hasattr check would still work regardless of the method type, as long as the method is present in the class.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to check if the object has those methods as instance methods. In that case, we would check the instance's methods. But the docstring says "obj class has the fill and compute methods," which implies checking the class.

But maybe the user intended to check if the instance has those methods. Let me think again. If the function is part of a system where objects are supposed to have fill and compute methods, then checking the instance's methods makes sense. For example, if the object is an instance of a class that has those methods, then the instance would have them. But if the class is a subclass, then the instance would have them via inheritance.

But the docstring says "obj class has the fill and compute methods," which is a bit ambiguous. However, the function name suggests that it's checking for the presence of those methods in the object's class. So the code should check the class.

So the correct code would be to check the class of the object. Therefore, the code would be as above.

But perhaps the user made a mistake in the docstring and meant to check the instance. However, given the docstring, I should follow it.

So the final code is:

def is_fill_compute_el(obj):
    """
    Check whether the obj class has the fill and compute methods.
    """
    return hasattr(obj.__class__, 'fill') and hasattr(obj.__class__, 'compute')

But wait, maybe the user wants to check if the object has those methods as instance methods. For example, if the object is an instance, and the class has those methods, then the instance would have them. But in Python, the instance's __dict__ may not have the methods unless they are added. However, if the class has the methods, then the instance would have them via the class's method resolution order.

But when you check hasattr(obj, 'fill'), it would return True if the instance has the method, either via the class or via __dict__. However, if the class has the method, then the instance would have it. So perhaps the intended check is to see if the instance has those methods. But the docstring says "obj class has the fill and compute methods," which is different.

This is a bit confusing. Let me think again. The function is called is_fill_compute_el. Maybe it's part of a system where the object is expected to have those methods. For example, in some frameworks, objects need to have certain methods. So perhaps the correct approach is to check if the instance has those methods. But the docstring says "obj class has the fill and compute methods," which is different.

Alternatively, maybe the user intended to check if the class has those methods, not the instance. So the code should check the class.

In that case, the code would be as I wrote before.

But perhaps the user made a mistake in the docstring. However, given the information, I have to follow the docstring.

So the code is as follows.
