
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code for the function is_fill_request_el(obj) based on the given docstring. The docstring says to check if the obj class has the fill and request attributes.

First, I need to understand what exactly the function is supposed to do. The function's name suggests it's checking if an object has both 'fill' and 'request' attributes. But wait, the docstring mentions the obj class. Wait, does that mean the function is checking if the class of obj has those attributes, or if the obj instance itself has them?

Hmm, the wording says "obj class has the fill and request attributes." So maybe it's checking the class, not the instance. But sometimes people might confuse class attributes vs instance attributes. But the function is called with an object, so maybe it's checking if the object has those attributes as instance attributes. Or perhaps the class of the object has those attributes.

Wait, the function is named is_fill_request_el, which might be a typo. Maybe it's supposed to check if the object is an instance of a class that has those attributes. Or maybe it's checking if the object itself has those attributes.

But the docstring says "Check whether the obj class has the fill and request attributes." So the function is checking the class of the object, not the object itself. Wait, but the function is called with obj. So maybe the function is checking if the class of obj (i.e., type(obj)) has the attributes fill and request.

But maybe the user intended to check if the object has those attributes as instance attributes. The wording is a bit ambiguous. But given the docstring, I should follow that.

So, the function needs to check if the class of obj (type(obj)) has both 'fill' and 'request' attributes. But how to check that? In Python, you can check for attributes using hasattr.

Wait, but the function is called with obj. So, perhaps the function is intended to check if the object itself has those attributes. Maybe the docstring is a bit unclear. Let me re-read the docstring.

The docstring says: "Check whether the obj class has the fill and request attributes." So, the class of the object. So, for example, if obj is an instance of SomeClass, then check if SomeClass has fill and request as attributes.

But how to do that? Well, you can get the class of obj with type(obj), then check if both attributes exist.

So the code would be something like:

return hasattr(type(obj), 'fill') and hasattr(type(obj), 'request')

But wait, maybe the user intended to check if the object has those attributes as instance attributes. That would be:

return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'request')

But the docstring says "obj class", so I think the first approach is correct. However, sometimes people might refer to the object's class as the class it belongs to. So, the function is checking if the class of the object has those attributes.

But maybe the user made a mistake in the docstring and meant the object itself. But since the user provided the docstring, I should follow it.

So the code would be:

def is_fill_request_el(obj):
    """
    Check whether the obj class has the fill and request attributes.
    """
    return hasattr(type(obj), 'fill') and hasattr(type(obj), 'request')

Wait, but maybe the function is supposed to check if the object has those attributes, not the class. Let me think again. Suppose the function is called with an object, and the docstring says "obj class has the fill and request attributes." So the class of the object. So, for example, if the object is an instance of a class that has fill and request as class attributes, then return True.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to check if the object has those attributes as instance attributes. But the wording is unclear. However, given the docstring, I should proceed with checking the class.

But perhaps the user intended to check the object's instance attributes. Let me think about possible scenarios. Suppose the function is part of a class that has fill and request as instance attributes. Then, the function would check if the object (instance) has those attributes.

But the docstring says "obj class", which is confusing. Maybe it's a typo and should be "obj has". But since I can't ask, I have to go with the given docstring.

So, the code would check if the class of the object (type(obj)) has the attributes fill and request. So the code would be as above.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check if the object's class is a certain type. But without more context, it's hard to tell. But given the docstring, I'll proceed with checking the class attributes.

So the final code would be:

def is_fill_request_el(obj):
    """
    Check whether the obj class has the fill and request attributes.
    """
    return hasattr(type(obj), 'fill') and hasattr(type(obj), 'request')

But maybe the user intended to check if the object has those attributes. Let me check the original problem again. The user says "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring." So the function is supposed to check if the obj class has those attributes. So the code should check the class.

But perhaps the user made a mistake in the docstring. For example, maybe they meant to check if the object has those attributes. But without knowing, I have to follow the docstring.

So the code would be as written.
