
Okay, I need to create a Python function called is_none_string that checks if a given value is a string that represents "None". The function should return True if the value is a string and its lowercase form is 'none', otherwise False.

First, let me think about the steps. The function takes any type of val as input. So, the first thing is to check if the type of val is a string. If it's not a string, return False immediately.

Then, if it is a string, I need to convert it to lowercase and compare it to 'none'. So, val.lower() == 'none'?

Wait, but what about cases where the string has leading or trailing whitespace? Like ' None ' or 'none '? The problem statement says "the lowercase of val is equal to 'none'". So, does that mean that the string, when lowercased, must exactly match 'none'? So, if the input is 'NONE', it would become 'none' and match. But if it's 'none ', then lowercasing would be 'none ' which doesn't match. So the function would return False in that case.

So the steps are:

1. Check if the input val is an instance of str. If not, return False.
2. Convert val to lowercase and check if it equals 'none'.
3. Return the result of that check.

So the code would be:

def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:
    if not isinstance(val, str):
        return False
    return val.lower() == 'none'

Wait, but the docstring says "the type of val is string and the lowercase of val is equal to 'none'". So the function returns True only if both conditions are met. So the code above does that. Because first it checks if it's a string, then checks the lowercase.

But wait, what if val is a string but None? Like, if someone passes None as the argument. Wait, no. Because if val is None, then isinstance(val, str) would be False, so it would return False. So that's correct.

Testing some cases:

Case 1: val is 'None' → lower to 'none' → returns True.
Case 2: val is 'none' → returns True.
Case 3: val is 'NONE' → lower to 'none' → True.
Case 4: val is 'non' → lower is 'non' → False.
Case 5: val is 123 → not a string → False.
Case 6: val is 'none ' → lower is 'none ' → not equal to 'none' → False.

So the code seems to handle all these cases.

So the code is straightforward. Just check the type and then the lowercase value.
