
Okay, I need to create a Python function called replace_dots that takes two arguments, value and arg. The function should replace all dots in the string 'value' with the 'arg' string. Let me think about how to do this.

So, the docstring says that 'value' is the old string and 'arg' is the new string to replace the dots. The return is the modified string. 

Wait, the function name is replace_dots, but the parameters are value and arg. Oh right, maybe 'value' is the original string, and 'arg' is the replacement. So, for example, if the input is "hello.world", replacing dots with "!", it should become "hello!world".

How to replace all dots? In Python, the string method replace can do this. So, value.replace('.', arg). But wait, what if 'arg' is a string that contains dots? Well, the problem says to replace each '.' with 'arg', so each occurrence of '.' is replaced by the entire 'arg' string. So using replace is correct here.

So the function would be straightforward. Let me check the parameters again. The first argument is 'value', which is the string to process. The second is 'arg', the replacement. So the code would be returning value.replace('.', arg).

Wait, but what if 'value' is not a string? The docstring says 'value' is old string, so we can assume it's a string. So no need for type checking here.

So the code would be:

def replace_dots(value, arg):
    """
    Replaces all values of '.' to arg from the given string
    Args:
        value: old string
        arg: new string to replace '.'
    Returns:
        str, the replaced string
    """
    return value.replace('.', arg)

Wait, but the docstring says "Replaces all values of '.' to arg", which might be a bit ambiguous. But the example makes sense. So the code is correct.

I think that's all. Let me test with an example. If value is "a.b.c" and arg is "X", the result should be "aXbXc". Yes, replace each '.' with 'X'.

So the code is correct. No edge cases come to mind that would break this. Like if there are no dots, it just returns the original string. If arg is empty, it replaces with empty string. All handled by the replace method.

So the final code is as above.
