
Okay, I need to create a Python function called _dictsum that takes a list of dictionaries and sums the values for each key. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function should iterate through each dictionary in the input list. For each key-value pair in each dictionary, I need to add the value to the corresponding key in a result dictionary. If the key doesn't exist in the result, I should initialize it with the current value.

Wait, but the function is called _dictsum, so maybe the input is a list of dictionaries? The example shows two dictionaries, so the function probably expects a list of dicts. Let me check the function signature: the parameter is 'dicts', which is plural. So yes, it's a list of dictionaries.

So the steps are: initialize an empty dictionary. Loop through each dict in the list. For each key in the current dict, add its value to the result dict's entry for that key. If the key isn't present, create it with the current value. Then, return the result.

How to implement this in Python. Let's see. Using a defaultdict from the collections module might help, but maybe I can do it with a regular dictionary. Let's think.

Initialize result as an empty dict. For each d in dicts: for key, value in d.items(): if key is in result, add value to result[key], else set result[key] = value.

Yes, that's straightforward. So code steps:

def _dictsum(dicts):
    result = {}
    for d in dicts:
        for key, val in d.items():
            if key in result:
                result[key] += val
            else:
                result[key] = val
    return result

Wait, but what if the input is not a list? Well, according to the function signature, the parameter is 'dicts', which implies it's expecting a list. The example shows two dictionaries, so maybe the function is designed to take multiple dictionaries. But the function name is _dictsum, which might suggest that it's summing multiple dictionaries. So the input is a list of dictionaries.

But the example in the docstring shows two dictionaries, so the function is supposed to combine them. So the code above should work.

Testing the example: dict1 {'a':1, 'b':2}, dict2 {'a':5, 'b':0}. The code would process dict1 first. result starts empty. For 'a' in dict1, add to result. Then 'b' same. Then process dict2. For 'a', add 5 to existing 1, making 6. For 'b', add 0 to existing 2, making 2. So the result is {'a':6, 'b':2}, which matches the example.

So that's correct. Now, the code should be written as per the function signature. Also, the function is supposed to return a new dictionary, which this code does.

I should make sure that the code doesn't modify the original dictionaries. Since we're creating a new result dictionary, that's handled.

So the code is as written above. Let me check for possible errors. What if a dictionary has a non-integer value? Well, the problem statement probably assumes that all values are numbers that can be summed. The function doesn't handle type checking.

So the code should be correct. Now, write it in Python.
