
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the find_roots function based on the given signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do.

The docstring says that find_roots is supposed to find roots in a transitive hierarchy. The example given is using RDFS.subClassOf, which suggests that the function is meant to find all nodes that don't have a parent via the given property. So, the idea is to traverse the graph in reverse, starting from the nodes that have no incoming edges for the given property.

The function takes a graph, a property (like RDFS.subClassOf), and an optional set of roots. The graph is an RDF graph, so the triples are in the form (child, prop, parent). So, to find the roots, I need to find all nodes that are not the 'child' in any triple with the given property. 

Wait, no. Wait, the triples are (child, prop, parent). So, the parent is the subject of the triple? No, wait, in RDF, the triple is (subject, predicate, object). So, if the property is RDFS.subClassOf, then the triple would be (child, RDFS.subClassOf, parent). So, the parent is the object here. So, the hierarchy is child -> parent. So, the roots are the nodes that are not the child in any triple. So, the roots are the nodes that have no incoming edges for the given property. 

So, the approach would be to find all nodes in the graph that are not the subject of any triple where the predicate is prop. Wait, no. Wait, the triples are (child, prop, parent). So, the child is the subject, and the parent is the object. So, the roots are the nodes that are not the object in any triple with the given prop. Wait, no. Wait, if a node is a root, then there's no triple where it is the object of the prop. Because if there was, that would mean it has a parent. So, the roots are the nodes that are not the object in any triple with the given prop. 

Wait, no. Let me think again. Suppose we have a triple (A, prop, B). That means A is a child of B. So, B is the parent. So, the root nodes are those that are not the child in any triple. So, they are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given prop. Wait, no. Wait, if a node is a root, then there is no triple where it is the child (i.e., the subject) of the prop. Because if there was, then it would have a parent. So, the roots are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given prop. 

Wait, no. Let me think of an example. Suppose we have a hierarchy where A is a subclass of B, and B is a subclass of C. Then the triples are (A, subClassOf, B), (B, subClassOf, C). The roots here would be C, because there's no triple where C is the subject. So, the roots are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given prop. So, to find roots, we need to find all nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given prop. 

But how do we do that? Well, first, we can collect all the subjects of triples with the given prop. Then, the roots are all nodes in the graph that are not in that set. 

Wait, but the graph may have nodes that are not part of any triple. So, perhaps the roots are all nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given prop. 

So, the steps would be:

1. Iterate through all triples in the graph where the predicate is prop.
2. Collect all the subjects of these triples into a set called children.
3. The roots are all nodes in the graph that are not in children. 

But wait, the function's optional roots parameter is a set. The docstring says that the function returns a set of roots. So, perhaps the roots parameter is used to provide an initial set of candidates, and the function returns the roots after processing. Wait, the docstring says "roots: Optional list with set type" but the parameter is called roots. Maybe that's a typo, but the function is supposed to return a set of nodes. 

Wait, the function's parameters are graph, prop, and roots (optional). The roots parameter is a set of nodes. But the function is supposed to find the roots. So perhaps the roots parameter is an initial set of nodes to consider, and the function returns the roots after processing. But the example in the docstring shows that when you call find_roots with the graph and prop, it returns all roots. So maybe the roots parameter is not used in the example, but perhaps it's for some other purpose. 

Wait, looking at the docstring again: "Assumes triple of the form (child, prop, parent), i.e. the direction of RDFS.subClassOf or SKOS.broader". So the function is supposed to find all nodes that are roots in the hierarchy defined by the given prop. 

So, the approach is to find all nodes that are not the child in any triple with the given prop. 

So, the code would be:

- Get all subjects of triples where the predicate is prop. These are the children.
- The roots are all nodes in the graph that are not in this set. 

But how to get all nodes in the graph? Well, the graph may have nodes that are not part of any triple. So, perhaps we need to collect all nodes in the graph, then subtract the children. 

But how to get all nodes in the graph? In rdflib, the graph's nodes can be obtained by iterating through all subjects and objects. But perhaps the graph has nodes that are not in any triple. However, in practice, the nodes that are not in any triple would be those that are not in the subject or object of any triple. But maybe the function is supposed to consider all nodes in the graph. 

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to find all nodes that are not the child in any triple with the given prop. So, the roots are the nodes that are not in the set of children. 

So, code steps:

1. Collect all children (subjects of triples with predicate prop).
2. Collect all nodes in the graph (subjects and objects of all triples).
3. Subtract the children from the set of all nodes to get the roots.

Wait, but the nodes in the graph may include nodes that are not part of any triple. For example, if a node is not in any triple, then it's a root. 

But how to get all nodes in the graph? Well, in rdflib, you can iterate through all the nodes in the graph. However, the graph's nodes can be obtained by iterating through all the triples and collecting all subjects and objects. 

But perhaps the function should consider all nodes in the graph. So, the code could be:

all_nodes = set(graph.nodes())

children = set()

for s, p, o in graph.triples((None, prop, None)):
    children.add(s)

roots = all_nodes - children

But wait, the function's roots parameter is optional. The docstring says that the function returns a set of roots. So, perhaps the roots parameter is not used. But the function's parameter is called roots, which is a bit confusing. 

Wait, the function signature is:

def find_roots(graph: "Graph", prop: "URIRef", roots: Optional[Set["Node"]] = None) -> Set["Node"]:

So, the roots parameter is optional. But in the example given, the function is called with graph and prop, and returns the roots. So, perhaps the roots parameter is not used. But maybe the function is supposed to take an initial set of roots and process them. However, the docstring doesn't mention that. 

Alternatively, maybe the roots parameter is a set of nodes that are already considered roots, and the function is supposed to find the roots by processing the graph. But that's unclear. 

But given the example in the docstring, the function is called with graph and prop, and returns the roots. So, perhaps the roots parameter is not used. But the function's parameter is named roots. That's confusing. 

Alternatively, maybe the roots parameter is for providing an initial set of roots, and the function returns the roots after processing. But the docstring doesn't mention that. 

Hmm. Well, given the example, perhaps the roots parameter is not used. So, perhaps the function is supposed to find all roots in the graph for the given prop. 

So, the code would be:

def find_roots(graph, prop, roots=None):
    # collect all children
    children = set()
    for s, p, o in graph.triples((None, prop, None)):
        children.add(s)
    # collect all nodes in the graph
    all_nodes = set(graph.nodes())
    # roots are all nodes not in children
    roots = all_nodes - children
    return roots

But wait, the function's return is a set of nodes. So, the code would be something like that. 

But in the function signature, the roots parameter is Optional[Set["Node"]], but in the code, it's not used. So, perhaps the roots parameter is not used. 

But the function's parameter is called roots. That's a bit confusing. Maybe the roots parameter is for providing an initial set of roots, and the function is supposed to process them. But the docstring doesn't mention that. 

Alternatively, perhaps the roots parameter is a set of nodes that are already roots, and the function is supposed to find the roots by processing the graph. But that's unclear. 

But given the example in the docstring, the function is called with graph and prop, and returns the roots. So, the roots parameter is not used. So, perhaps the roots parameter is a typo, and the function is supposed to return the roots. 

So, the code would be as follows. 

But in the code, we need to import rdflib. The user mentioned that the imported packages are rdflib. So, the code should use rdflib's Graph and URIRef. 

So, the code would be:

from rdflib import Graph, URIRef

def find_roots(graph: "Graph", prop: "URIRef", roots: Optional[Set["Node"]] = None) -> Set["Node"]:
    """
    Find the roots in some sort of transitive hierarchy.

    find_roots(graph, rdflib.RDFS.subClassOf)
    will return a set of all roots of the sub-class hierarchy

    Assumes triple of the form (child, prop, parent), i.e. the direction of
    RDFS.subClassOf or SKOS.broader

    Args:
        graph: Graph Class Object
        prop: URIRef Class Object
        roots: Optional list with set type
    Return:
        roots: a set with nodes
    """
    children = set()
    for s, p, o in graph.triples((None, prop, None)):
        children.add(s)
    all_nodes = set(graph.nodes())
    roots = all_nodes - children
    return roots

Wait, but the function's roots parameter is optional. So, if the user passes in a roots set, perhaps it's supposed to be used. But the docstring doesn't mention that. 

Alternatively, maybe the roots parameter is for providing an initial set of roots, and the function is supposed to process them. For example, maybe the function is supposed to find roots that are not in the given roots set. But that's not clear. 

But given the example, the function is called with graph and prop, and returns the roots. So, the roots parameter is not used. Therefore, the code can ignore it. 

But the function's parameter is called roots, which is a bit confusing. However, the user's instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. So, perhaps the roots parameter is not used. 

So, the code as written above would be correct. 

But wait, in the code, the function returns roots, which is computed as all_nodes - children. 

But in the code, the roots parameter is assigned to all_nodes - children. So, even if the user passes in a roots parameter, it's overwritten. 

But according to the docstring, the function returns the roots. So, perhaps the roots parameter is not used. 

So, the code is as above. 

But the user's code may have the roots parameter as optional. So, the code should handle that. 

But in the code, the roots parameter is not used. So, perhaps the function is supposed to return the roots regardless of the input. 

Therefore, the code is correct. 

Another thing to consider: the graph.nodes() returns all nodes in the graph. But in rdflib, graph.nodes() returns a set of all nodes in the graph. 

So, the code should work. 

Thus, the generated code is as follows.
