
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the validate_min_max_args method based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me think about what this method is supposed to do.

The docstring says it checks if the value of the given args is between minimum and maximum values. So, the method should iterate through the arguments and verify each one against min and max constraints.

First, I should consider that each argument might have min and max attributes. Maybe the args are a list of objects, each with min and max values. Or perhaps the args are a dictionary where each key has min and max. Wait, looking at the context, there are methods like validate_choices_args and validate_length_args, which suggests that args might be a list or dictionary of arguments with various validation attributes.

Assuming that each argument in args has min and max attributes, the method should check each one. But how are the args structured? Maybe each arg is a dictionary with 'min' and 'max' keys. Or perhaps they are objects with min and max properties.

Alternatively, maybe the args are a list of values, and the method checks if each value is within the min and max of some predefined range. But the function is part of a class, so maybe the class has attributes for min and max, or the args are passed with min and max parameters.

Wait, the function is called validate_min_max_args, and it's part of a class. The context shows other methods like validate_choices_args, validate_length_args, etc., which suggests that this method is part of a validation process for command-line arguments.

Looking at the context, there's a method called _iterate_received_arguments, which might process the args. Also, there's a method called resolve_custom_types, which could handle custom types. But for validate_min_max_args, the focus is on min and max.

So, perhaps each argument in args has min and max values. For example, each arg could be a dictionary with 'min' and 'max' keys. Or maybe each arg is an object with min and max attributes.

The method needs to check each argument's value against its min and max. If any argument is out of range, it should raise an error or return False.

But the function's return type isn't specified. The original function doesn't have a return statement, but maybe it's supposed to raise exceptions or return a boolean.

Wait, the original function's docstring says "Check if value of the given args is between minimum and maximum values." So it's likely that the method should return True if all args are within their respective min and max, or raise an error if any are not.

But the user hasn't specified the exact behavior, so I need to make assumptions. Let's assume that each argument in args has min and max attributes, and the method checks each value against those.

So, the code would loop through each arg in args. For each arg, check if the value is >= min and <= max. If not, raise a ValueError or similar.

But how are the args structured? Let's think about possible structures. Maybe args is a list of dictionaries, each with 'value', 'min', 'max', etc. Or perhaps args is a list of objects with min and max attributes.

Alternatively, maybe the args are passed as a dictionary, and the method checks each key's value against min and max. But without more context, it's a bit ambiguous.

Looking at the context, there's a method called _iterate_received_arguments, which might process the args. Also, there's a method called validate_length_args, which suggests that args could be a list of values, and each has a length check.

Alternatively, perhaps the args are a list of arguments, each of which has min and max attributes. For example, each argument is an object with min and max, and the value is the argument's value.

So, the code could be something like:

def validate_min_max_args(self, args):
    """
    Check if value of the given args is between minimum and maximum values
    """
    for arg in args:
        if arg.value < arg.min or arg.value > arg.max:
            raise ValueError(f"Value {arg.value} is out of range for {arg}")
    return True

But this is speculative. Another possibility is that args is a dictionary, and each key has min and max. Or maybe the args are a list of values, and the method checks against global min and max. But that's less likely.

Alternatively, maybe the method is part of a class that has min and max attributes, and the args are the values to check. But that's not clear.

Another approach: looking at the context, there's a method called validate_choices_args, which probably checks if the argument is in a list of choices. Similarly, validate_length_args checks the length. So, validate_min_max_args would check the min and max.

Assuming that each argument in args has min and max attributes, the code would loop through each argument and check if the value is within the min and max.

But how to access the value? Maybe each argument is an object with a 'value' attribute, and min and max attributes.

So, the code would be:

def validate_min_max_args(self, args):
    """
    Check if value of the given args is between minimum and maximum values
    """
    for arg in args:
        value = arg.value
        if value < arg.min or value > arg.max:
            raise ValueError(f"Value {value} is out of range for {arg}")
    return True

But again, without knowing the exact structure of args, this is an assumption. However, given the function's purpose, this seems plausible.

Alternatively, maybe args is a list of tuples or dictionaries with min and max. For example, each element is a dict with 'min' and 'max' keys, and the value to check is another key.

But since the function is called validate_min_max_args, it's more likely that each argument has min and max attributes, and the value is the argument's value.

Another possibility is that the method is part of a class that has min and max attributes, and args are the values to check. But that's less likely.

Given the ambiguity, I'll proceed with the assumption that args is a list of objects, each with 'value', 'min', and 'max' attributes. The method checks each value against min and max.

So the code would loop through each arg in args, check if value is between min and max, and raise an error if not.

Thus, the generated code would be as follows.
