
Okay, I need to write a Python function called normalize_cmd that takes a tuple of strings, cmd, and returns a tuple. The docstring says it's supposed to complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form. Hmm, maybe I'm misunderstanding the task. Let me think.

Wait, the function's purpose is to normalize the command. Maybe it's about handling command-line arguments, like expanding environment variables or resolving paths. But the docstring mentions "complement the full path to exe" – perhaps that's a typo or mistranslation. Maybe it's supposed to normalize the command, like resolving relative paths to absolute paths, or handling different formats.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a command tuple and return a normalized version. For example, if the command is something like ('python', 'script.py'), maybe it's supposed to handle the path normalization. But the docstring is a bit vague.

Wait, the function's name is normalize_cmd, and the parameters are a tuple of strings. The return is also a tuple. So perhaps the function is supposed to process the command elements, maybe expanding variables or resolving paths.

But without more context, it's hard to tell. Maybe the function is supposed to take a command and return a normalized version, like replacing relative paths with absolute ones. For example, if the command is ('cd', '..'), maybe it's supposed to normalize that, but that's not clear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a command and return a tuple where each element is the normalized path. For example, if the command is ('ls', 'file.txt'), maybe it's supposed to normalize the path to 'file.txt' if it's a relative path, but that's not clear.

Wait, the docstring says "Complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form". Oh, maybe "complement" here means to complete the path, like expanding a relative path to an absolute one. For example, if the command is ('cd', 'relative/path'), then normalize_cmd would expand that to the absolute path.

But how to do that in Python? Well, the os module has functions like os.path.abspath, which can convert a path to an absolute path. So perhaps the function is supposed to take each element of the tuple and normalize their paths.

But the function's parameters are a tuple of strings, so maybe each element is a path, and the function is supposed to normalize each path. For example, if the command is ('cd', 'relative/path'), then normalize_cmd would expand 'relative/path' to 'absolute/path'.

But how to handle that? Let's think. For each element in the tuple, we can use os.path.abspath to get the absolute path. But wait, the function's docstring says "return it in its original form". So maybe the function is supposed to take the path and return it as is, but perhaps the original form is the absolute path? Or maybe the function is supposed to normalize the path, but return it as a relative path?

This is confusing. Let me try to think of possible scenarios.

Suppose the input is a command like ('python', 'script.py'), and the function is supposed to normalize the path. But 'script.py' is already a path. Maybe the function is supposed to handle cases where the path is relative, and expand it to absolute.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a command and return a normalized version where each element is the normalized path. For example, if the command is ('cd', 'relative/path'), then the normalized command would be ('cd', 'absolute/path').

But how to implement that? Let's think about the steps:

1. For each element in the command tuple, check if it's a path.
2. If it's a relative path, expand it to absolute.
3. Return the normalized tuple.

But how to determine if an element is a path? Well, perhaps the function is supposed to handle cases where the elements are paths, and normalize them. For example, if the element is 'script.py', it's already a path. If it's 'relative/path', expand to absolute.

But how to do that in Python. Let's think about using os.path.abspath. So for each element in the tuple, we can use os.path.abspath to get the absolute path. Then, we can return that as the new element.

But the docstring says "return it in its original form". Wait, that's confusing. If the original form is the absolute path, then the function would return the absolute path. But the docstring says "return it in its original form", which suggests that the function is supposed to return the original form, perhaps the relative path. But that's conflicting.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to normalize the command, like resolving relative paths to absolute, but return the original form (i.e., the absolute path) as the result. But that's not clear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a command and return a normalized version where each element is the normalized path. For example, if the command is ('cd', 'relative/path'), then the normalized command would be ('cd', 'absolute/path').

But how to implement that. Let's think of the code.

The function would take a tuple of strings, and for each string in the tuple, it would normalize the path. So:

import os

def normalize_cmd(cmd: tuple[str, ...]) -> tuple[str, ...]:
    import os
    return tuple(os.path.abspath(path) for path in cmd)

But that would take each element in the command tuple, expand it to absolute path, and return a new tuple.

But the docstring says "Complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form". Maybe the original form is the absolute path, but the function is supposed to return it as the absolute path. But the docstring says "return it in its original form", which is a bit ambiguous.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take the command and return a normalized version where each element is the normalized path, but the original form is the relative path. But that's not clear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a command and return a tuple where each element is the normalized path, but the original form is the relative path. But that's not clear.

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the best approach is to implement the function that normalizes each path to absolute, and returns the tuple of absolute paths. That's a common operation in command-line processing.

So the code would be:

import os

def normalize_cmd(cmd: tuple[str, ...]) -> tuple[str, ...]:
    return tuple(os.path.abspath(path) for path in cmd)

But the docstring says "Complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form". If the original form is the absolute path, then this code would return the absolute path. But the docstring says "return it in its original form", which might imply that the function is supposed to return the original form (i.e., the relative path). But that's conflicting.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a command and return a normalized version where each element is the normalized path, but the original form is the relative path. But that's not clear.

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the function is supposed to normalize the paths to absolute, and return them as absolute paths. So the code would be as above.

But the docstring's wording is confusing. However, the function's name suggests that it's normalizing the command, which could involve resolving paths.

So I'll proceed with the code that normalizes each path to absolute, and returns the tuple of absolute paths.
