
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element based on the given signature and docstring. The function's purpose is to extract possible values of number and sup from the contents of an 'issue' element. 

First, I should figure out what the 'issue' parameter is. Since the function is named with 'issue_element', maybe 'issue' is an XML element or some kind of structured data containing text. The goal is to parse that text to find a number and a supplement (maybe like a letter or a suffix).

Looking at the docstring, it says "return the possible values of number and sup". So the function should return a tuple or some structure with number and sup. The names suggest that 'number' could be the main numeric part, and 'sup' might be a supplementary part, like a letter or additional number.

I need to think about common patterns where an issue might have a number and a supplement. For example, in some contexts, issues are labeled like "Issue 123a" or "Issue 456-Supplement B". So the function should extract the numeric part and the supplement part.

Possible steps:
1. Check if the 'issue' element has text content.
2. Use regular expressions to find the number and supplement.
3. The regex pattern might look for digits followed by optional letters or other characters.
4. If there's a match, return the number and supplement. If not, return None or default values?

Wait, the docstring says "possible values", implying there might be multiple possibilities. But the function name suggests extracting from the issue element, which might have a single value. Maybe the function is supposed to handle cases where the issue element's text could have different formats, and return all possible matches?

Alternatively, maybe the issue element contains a string that has both a number and a supplement, like "123a" where 123 is the number and 'a' is the supplement. Or maybe "123-Supplement B" where the number is 123 and the supplement is B.

So the regex could be something like (\d+)([a-zA-Z]+), but that might not cover all cases. What if the supplement is a hyphenated part, like "123-4" where the supplement is "4"? Or maybe "123" with no supplement, in which case sup would be None or an empty string.

The function needs to return both number and sup. Let's assume that the issue element's text is a string. So first, I'll process the text of the issue element.

Let me think of possible patterns. Maybe the number is at the beginning, followed by a supplement. The supplement could be letters, hyphens, or other characters. For example:

- "Issue 123a" → number 123, sup 'a'
- "Issue 456-Supplement B" → number 456, sup 'Supplement B'
- "Issue 789" → number 789, sup None
- "Issue 100A" → number 100, sup 'A'

But how to split them? Maybe the number is the leading digits, and the rest is the supplement. So using a regex to capture the digits at the start and the remaining part as sup.

So the regex pattern could be something like ^(\d+)(.*)$. Then, if there's a match, number is the first group, sup is the second. But need to make sure that the number is actually present. Also, if the issue text doesn't start with digits, then number would be None.

Wait, but the function is supposed to return possible values. Maybe there are cases where there are multiple numbers and supplements? Or maybe it's just the first occurrence?

Alternatively, maybe the issue element has attributes or child elements that contain the number and supplement. But the function's parameter is 'issue', and the docstring says "contents of issue", so probably the text content.

So, the code would probably use a regular expression to parse the text. Let's proceed with that approach.

The function would take the issue's text, apply a regex to extract the number and supplement. For example:

import re

def _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element(issue):
    text = issue.text.strip()
    match = re.match(r'^(\d+)(.*)$', text)
    if match:
        number = match.group(1)
        sup = match.group(2).strip()
        return (number, sup)
    else:
        return (None, None)

Wait, but maybe the supplement is optional. So the regex could be r'^(\d+)([a-zA-Z\-]*)$', but that's not sure. Alternatively, the supplement could be anything after the number. However, if the text is something like "Issue 123", then the sup would be empty. But maybe the function is intended to split the number and any following text as the supplement.

But the original function's name has a typo: 'supplment' instead of 'supplement'. The user probably meant 'supplement' but the code should match the given name.

Another thing: the function returns possible values. Maybe there are multiple ways to split the text, and the function should return all possible pairs? But that's unclear. The docstring is very vague.

Assuming that the function is supposed to extract the first numeric part and the rest as the supplement. For example, in "Issue 123a", the number is 123 and the supplement is 'a'. In "Issue 123-Supplement B", the number is 123 and the supplement is '-Supplement B'.

But maybe the supplement is a specific part, like letters only. Or maybe it's a hyphenated part. Without more context, it's hard to tell. However, given the function name, perhaps the supplement is a letter or a short string following the number.

Alternatively, maybe the issue element's text is something like "123 (Supplement A)", so the number is 123 and the supplement is "A".

In the absence of specific examples, I'll make a reasonable assumption. Let's use a regex that captures leading digits as the number and the remaining part as the supplement. So the regex would be r'^(\d+)(.*)$', and then return the groups.

But need to handle cases where there's no number. For example, if the text is "Supplement B", then the number would be None, and sup would be "Supplement B".

So the code would look like:

import re

def _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element(issue):
    """
    Return the possible values of number and sup from the contents of issue.
    """
    text = issue.text.strip() if issue.text else ''
    match = re.match(r'^(\d+)(.*)$', text)
    if match:
        number_part = match.group(1)
        sup_part = match.group(2).strip()
        return (number_part, sup_part)
    else:
        return (None, None)

Wait, but maybe the issue element is an XML element, and the text is within it. So, for example, if the element is <issue>123a</issue>, then issue.text would be '123a'.

But what if the text is empty? Then return (None, None).

Another consideration: the regex might not match if the text starts with non-digit characters. So in that case, number is None, and sup is the entire text.

This seems like a plausible approach. However, the function's name suggests that 'sup' is a supplement, which might be a specific part. Maybe the supplement is a letter or a word like 'Supplement' followed by some text. But without more info, it's hard to know.

Alternatively, perhaps the supplement is a letter that comes right after the number, like in "Issue 123a" where 'a' is the supplement. In that case, the regex could be r'^(\d+)([a-zA-Z]+)$', but that would miss cases where the supplement has other characters.

But the docstring says "possible values", which might imply that there could be multiple ways to split, but I think the function is intended to extract the first numeric part and the rest as the supplement.

So the code I wrote earlier would handle that. Let me test with some examples.

Example 1: "123a" → number '123', sup 'a'
Example 2: "456-Supplement B" → number '456', sup '-Supplement B'
Example 3: "789" → number '789', sup ''
Example 4: "abc123" → no match, returns (None, None)
Example 5: "Issue 100A" → text is "Issue 100A", regex would match group 1 as '100' and group 2 as 'A'?

Wait, the regex starts with ^(\d+), so it would match leading digits. In "Issue 100A", the text starts with 'I', so no match. So the function would return (None, None). But maybe the number is somewhere else in the text. However, the function's name suggests that it's extracting from the contents, perhaps expecting the number to be at the beginning.

Alternatively, maybe the issue element's text is structured as "Number Supplement", so the function splits into number and supplement parts. But again, without examples, it's hard to know.

Given the ambiguity, the safest approach is to extract the leading digits as the number and the remaining text as the supplement. So the regex is as before.

Another thing: the function returns possible values. Maybe it's supposed to return all possible matches, but that would require a different approach. However, the function's return type isn't specified. The original code might be expecting a tuple, so returning (number, sup) where number is the first group and sup is the rest.

So the code I wrote should be okay. Now, I need to make sure that the code is in Python, and that the function is properly handling the issue element. Assuming that 'issue' is an element with a 'text' attribute, like in lxml or similar libraries.

So the code would be:

import re

def _extract_number_and_supplment_from_issue_element(issue):
    """
    Return the possible values of number and sup from the contents of issue.
    """
    text = issue.text.strip() if issue.text else ''
    match = re.match(r'^(\d+)(.*)$', text)
    if match:
        return (match.group(1), match.group(2).strip())
    else:
        return (None, None)

But maybe the function should return a list of possible pairs if there are multiple matches. However, the function's name suggests it's extracting from the element, which likely has a single value. Also, the return type in the docstring isn't specified, but the function is named to return 'possible values', which might be a list. But the original code example may not have that. Since the user hasn't provided examples, perhaps the function is intended to return the first match, and if there's no match, return (None, None).

Alternatively, maybe the supplement is a specific part, like after a hyphen. For example, "123-4" could be number 123 and sup 4. But again, without knowing the exact format, it's hard to say.

Given the ambiguity, I think the initial approach is the best possible. So the code would be as above.
