
Okay, I need to generate Python code based on the provided function signature and docstring. Let me look at the details.

The function is called 'format' and is a method of a class, since it has 'self' as the first parameter. The parameters are 'sql' of type AnyStr and 'params' which can be either a dictionary with keys as Union[str, int] and values as Any, or a Sequence of Any. The return type is a Tuple containing the converted sql (same type as input) and the params, which could be either the same dict or sequence.

The docstring says to convert sql using self._converter.convert. So the main task is to apply this converter to the sql parameter. But what exactly does the converter do? Since it's not specified, I'll assume that self._converter.convert takes the sql string and returns a formatted version. The params are passed through as-is, but maybe the converter also processes them? Wait, the return type includes the same params, so maybe the converter only modifies the sql, not the parameters.

So the function's body should probably call self._converter.convert on the sql, then return the result along with the original params. But I need to make sure the types are handled correctly. The parameters are either a dict or a sequence. The function returns a tuple with the converted sql and the same params.

Wait, the function's return type is a tuple where the first element is the same type as sql (AnyStr), and the second is the same as the params. So the params are not modified. The converter only affects the sql string.

So the code would be something like:

return (self._converter.convert(sql), params)

But I need to make sure that the converter is properly called. Also, the parameters are passed as they are. The function's job is to format the SQL using the converter and return both the formatted SQL and the params. That seems straightforward.

I should check if there's any other processing needed. The docstring is very brief, so maybe that's all. The function doesn't have any other logic mentioned. So the implementation is just applying the converter to sql and returning the tuple.
