
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function check_digests_present_and_used based on the given signature and docstring. Let me think about what this function is supposed to do.

The function's name suggests that it's checking whether all the required digests from a manifest are both present and used. The parameters are manifest_files and digests_used. The manifest_files probably contain a list of files that are part of the manifest, each with their digests. The digests_used might be a set or list of digests that have been used somewhere else, maybe in the application or processing.

The docstring says to return error() in the class. So, the function is likely part of a class that has an error method. The goal is to verify that every digest in the manifest is present (i.e., exists in the system) and also used (i.e., accounted for in digests_used). If any digest is missing or not used, the function should return an error.

First, I need to figure out how to represent the manifest_files. Maybe each entry in manifest_files has a digest attribute. So, I'll extract all the digests from the manifest_files. Then, check if each of those digests is present in digests_used. If any digest from the manifest is not in digests_used, that's an error.

Wait, but the function's name says "needed are present and used." So perhaps the manifest_files contain the necessary digests, and we need to ensure that all of them are both present (available) and used (referenced). But how do we check if they are present? Maybe there's another method or data structure that tracks available digests. However, the parameters given don't include that. Hmm.

Wait, maybe the manifest_files are the ones that should be checked against digests_used. For example, if the manifest lists certain files with their digests, and digests_used is the set of digests that have been actually used in the process. The function needs to ensure that all digests in the manifest are present in digests_used. If any are missing, return an error.

So, the steps could be:

1. Collect all digests from manifest_files. Let's assume each file in manifest_files has a 'digest' attribute.
2. Iterate through each digest in that collection.
3. For each digest, check if it exists in digests_used.
4. If any digest is not found in digests_used, accumulate an error message.
5. After checking all, if there are errors, return the error() method of the class with the collected messages. Otherwise, return None or some success indicator.

But the problem is, how to get the digests from manifest_files. The code example in the previous answer used a list of file objects with a 'digest' attribute. So maybe that's the case here.

So, the code would look something like:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    errors = []
    for file in manifest_files:
        digest = file.digest
        if digest not in digests_used:
            errors.append(f"Digest {digest} is present in manifest but not used.")
    if errors:
        return self.error("\n".join(errors))
    return None

Wait, but the error() method in the class might take a message. So, if there are any errors, we return that. Otherwise, maybe return a success status. However, the docstring says to return error(), which implies that if there's an error, the function returns the error method's result, otherwise perhaps it returns nothing or a success. But in Python, functions usually return something. The original code example from the user's previous answer had the function return the error() method when there are issues, and maybe None otherwise.

But the user's current query doesn't have any previous code, so I need to make assumptions. The function is part of a class, and error() is a method of that class. So, if any errors are found, the function should call self.error with the appropriate message. Otherwise, maybe it returns True or something else. But the docstring says "Return error() in the class," which might mean that in case of errors, return the error object, else perhaps return None or a success message.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check that all digests in the manifest are present (i.e., exist in some storage) and also used. But the parameters don't include a way to check presence. Wait, perhaps the presence is implied by being in the manifest? That doesn't make sense. Maybe the presence refers to whether the digest exists in the system, like in a database or a file. But without more context, it's hard to tell.

Wait, the original function's name is check_digests_present_and_used. The word "present" might mean that the digest is in the manifest, but that's redundant. Or perhaps "present" refers to the digest being available in some way. But given the parameters, maybe the function is checking that all digests in the manifest are accounted for in digests_used. So, the presence in the manifest is given, and the check is whether they are used.

Alternatively, maybe "present" refers to the digest being present in the system (like a file exists with that digest), but that would require another check. However, the parameters don't include that information. So perhaps the function is only checking that the digests in the manifest are used, and the presence is already ensured by the manifest.

But the docstring says "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." So maybe the function is verifying that the required digests are both present (i.e., exist in the system) and used (i.e., in digests_used). However, without knowing how to check presence, perhaps the presence is inferred from the manifest_files being provided. That seems unclear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is checking that all digests in the manifest are present in the digests_used set. So, the presence here refers to being in the digests_used. That would make sense. For example, if the manifest lists certain digests that should be used, but if they are not in digests_used, that's an error.

In that case, the code would collect all digests from the manifest_files, check if each is in digests_used. If not, add an error. Then return the error if any.

So, assuming that manifest_files is a list of objects each with a 'digest' attribute, and digests_used is a set or list of digests that have been used.

So, the code would be:

def check_digests_present_and_used(self, manifest_files, digests_used):
    errors = []
    for file in manifest_files:
        digest = file.digest
        if digest not in digests_used:
            errors.append(f"Digest {digest} is missing from used digests.")
    if errors:
        return self.error("\n".join(errors))
    return None

But the user's previous example had a similar function, maybe with more parameters. However, in the current case, the parameters are manifest_files and digests_used.

Alternatively, maybe the function is also checking that all digests in digests_used are present in the manifest. But the name suggests checking the manifest's digests against the used ones. The docstring says "Check all digests in manifest that are needed are present and used." So maybe the 'needed' digests are those in the manifest, and we need to ensure they are both present (available) and used. But again, without knowing how presence is checked, perhaps the presence is assumed, and the check is only for usage.

Alternatively, maybe the presence is checked by seeing if the digest is in the manifest_files. But that's redundant. I think the main check is that all digests in the manifest are in digests_used. So the code would collect all the digests from the manifest, check each against digests_used, and report any missing ones.

So, the code would be as I wrote above. But I need to make sure that the error() method is called correctly. The error method might be part of the class, perhaps returning an error message or raising an exception. But the function returns error(), which is a method of the class. So the code would collect all the missing digests and pass them as a message to self.error.

I think that's the correct approach here. So the generated code would look like that.
