
Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_fill_request_el that checks if an object has both 'fill' and 'request' attributes. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function takes an object 'obj' as a parameter. The goal is to determine if this object has the attributes 'fill' and 'request'. So, I should check for the presence of these two attributes.

In Python, to check if an object has a certain attribute, I can use the hasattr() function. That's the standard way. So, I need to use hasattr twice, once for 'fill' and once for 'request'.

Wait, but the docstring says "has the fill and request attributes". So both must be present. So the function should return True only if both attributes exist.

So the code would be something like: return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'request').

But wait, maybe the attributes are methods? The question says attributes, so maybe it's just checking for existence, not whether they are callable. But the docstring doesn't specify that. It just says attributes. So regardless of whether they are methods or properties or regular attributes, as long as they exist, the check passes.

So the code is straightforward. Use hasattr for both attributes and return the logical AND of those two checks.

I should make sure that the function is correctly named and that the parameters are correctly handled. Also, handle any possible exceptions? Well, the hasattr function doesn't raise an error if the attribute doesn't exist; it just returns False. So no need for try-except blocks here.

So the final code would be:

def is_fill_request_el(obj):
    """
    Check whether the obj class has the fill and request attributes.
    """
    return hasattr(obj, 'fill') and hasattr(obj, 'request')

That's it. I think that's all. Let me double-check. The function returns True if both attributes are present, else False. Yes, that matches the docstring. No other edge cases to consider here. The code is simple and uses the built-in hasattr, which is the correct approach.
