
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _dump_string based on the given signature and docstring. The function is supposed to serialize a Python object into a YAML stream. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function takes 'obj' as an argument and an optional 'dumper' parameter. The docstring mentions that it returns a YAML stream. So, the main task here is to convert the Python object to a YAML string. 

I remember that Python has libraries like PyYAML for handling YAML. The standard way to dump an object to YAML is using the yaml.dump function. But the function here is named _dump_string, which suggests it might be a helper function. The presence of a 'dumper' argument makes me think that maybe they want to allow a custom dumper, but the default would be the standard one.

Wait, the parameters for the function are 'obj' and 'dumper=None'. The default dumper isn't specified, so perhaps the function uses the default yaml.dumper, but allows overriding it. However, in the standard yaml.dump function, the dumper is a parameter. So maybe the function is just a wrapper around yaml.dump, using the provided dumper if available, else the default.

But wait, the user didn't mention any specific libraries. However, the function's purpose is to serialize to YAML, so it's safe to assume that they expect using the PyYAML library. So I'll need to import yaml.

The function should return the YAML stream, which is a string. So the code would be something like:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

But wait, the default Dumper in PyYAML is the SafeDumper, right? Or maybe the default is None, and if not provided, it uses the default. Let me check. The yaml.dump function's parameters include a Dumper argument, which defaults to the standard dumper. So if the user provides a dumper, we use that; otherwise, use the default.

But the original function's docstring says "serialize it into a YAML stream" and returns that. So the code is straightforward. However, maybe the user expects some customization, like setting the default_flow_style to False or other options. But the docstring doesn't mention any such parameters, so probably not. The function's parameters are only obj and dumper, so the code should just pass those to yaml.dump.

Wait, the 'dumper' parameter in the function is optional. So in the code, if dumper is None, we can omit it. But in PyYAML, the Dumper parameter is optional. So the function can be written as returning yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper). However, if dumper is None, then it uses the default. But maybe the user wants to use the SafeDumper by default? Or maybe the function is intended to use a specific dumper. But the problem statement doesn't specify, so I should stick to the standard approach.

Another thing: the function is named _dump_string, which suggests it might be part of a larger class or module, perhaps a helper function. But the code doesn't need to be part of a class unless specified. The given signature is a standalone function.

So putting it all together, the code would import yaml and use yaml.dump with the provided dumper. That's probably the main part. Let me make sure that the parameters are correctly named. The function's argument is 'dumper', but in PyYAML, the parameter is 'Dumper' (capital D). So in the code, when calling yaml.dump, we need to pass Dumper=dumper. That makes sense.

Therefore, the generated code would be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    """
    Given a python object and serialize it into a YAML stream

    Args:
        obj: python object

    Returns:
        YAML stream
    """
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

Wait, but the docstring says the 'dumper' argument is part of the function's parameters. The original function signature includes 'dumper=None' as an argument, so the code should include that. The code above does that. So that's correct.

I think that's all. The function uses the yaml.dump method with the provided dumper. No other parameters are mentioned, so the code is straightforward.
