
Okay, I need to write a Python function called match that checks if a filename is of type 'doxyfile'. The docstring says it should return True if the filename in lowercase is exactly 'doxyfile'. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function takes a filename as an argument. The key here is to check the lowercase version of the filename. So, I should convert the input filename to lowercase and then compare it to the string 'doxyfile'.

Wait, the docstring says "the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'". But maybe that's a bit ambiguous. Does it mean the file's MIME type or just the filename extension? The example given in the docstring seems to indicate that it's checking the filename itself, not the extension. Because the return condition is based on the filename being 'doxyfile' when lowercased.

So, the function should take the filename, make it lowercase, and check if it equals 'doxyfile'. That's straightforward. Let me make sure I'm not missing any edge cases. For example, if the filename has a different extension, like 'DoxyFile.txt', converting to lowercase would make it 'doxyfile.txt', which isn't equal to 'doxyfile', so it would return False. That's correct.

So the code would be something like: return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'. But I need to make sure that the function is properly defined. Let me structure it.

The function is defined as def match(filename):. Then, the docstring is already provided. The return statement is inside the function. So the code would be:

def match(filename):
    """
    Check if the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'

    Args:
        filename: filename to be check
    Returns:
        Return True if the type of the given filename in lower case is 'doxyfile'
    """
    return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

Wait, the Args description says "filename to be check" — maybe a typo, but the user provided that, so I shouldn't correct it. The Returns says "the type of the given filename in lower case is 'doxyfile'". But the function is checking the filename string, not the file type. Maybe the docstring is a bit misleading, but according to the user's instruction, I just need to follow the given signature and docstring. So the code is correct as per the instructions.

I think that's all. Just compare the lowercase version of the filename to 'doxyfile'.
