Okay, I need to write a Python function called select_filenames_by_prefix. The parameters are prefix and files. The docstring says to return all files that match the given prefix. Hmm, wait, the docstring might have a typo. It says "return all files taht match" so probably "that". So the task is to find all filenames in the files list that start with the given prefix.

So the function should iterate over each file in the files list and check if the file starts with the prefix. If yes, include it in the result.

Wait, but how exactly? Let me think. For each filename in files, if filename.startswith(prefix), then we include it. So the function would return a list comprehension of [f for f in files if f.startswith(prefix)].

Wait, that seems straightforward. Let me check the function signature again. The parameters are correct. The docstring says "for each file in files, return all files that match the given prefix". Wait, maybe I'm misinterpreting. Does "for each file" mean something else? Like, maybe for each file, check if the prefix is a substring? But the wording says "match the given prefix", which usually implies starts with.

Alternatively, maybe the prefix is a substring, but the wording of "prefix" suggests it's the start. So the correct approach is to filter the list of files by those that start with the prefix.

So the code should be a list comprehension using the startswith method. The function would look like:

def select_filenames_by_prefix(prefix, files):
    return [f for f in files if f.startswith(prefix)]

Wait, but maybe case sensitivity? The problem doesn't mention it, so assume case-sensitive comparison. Also, the function should handle empty prefix? Well, the problem says "prefix", so if the prefix is empty, all files would match. But that's up to the implementation, and the problem doesn't specify edge cases, so proceed as is.

So that's the code. Let me make sure there's no mistakes. The function is correctly named, parameters in order. The list comprehension correctly uses startswith. Yeah, that should work.
