Okay, I need to write a Python function called files_list that takes a path and returns the files in that path. Let's see. The docstring says to return the files in the given path. Hmm, so first, I should check if the path is valid. Maybe using os.path.exists? Wait, but maybe the function is supposed to just list the files, so perhaps using os.listdir?

Wait, the function's purpose is to return the list of files. So the straightforward approach would be to use os.listdir(path). But wait, does that include directories as well? The question is a bit ambiguous. The docstring says "files", so maybe we need to filter out directories. Or does it just want all entries in the directory, including subdirectories?

Hmm. Let me think. The problem statement isn't clear. Well, perhaps the user expects just the list of all entries, so perhaps the simplest solution is to return os.listdir(path). But maybe the user wants only files, not directories. How can I check that?

Alternatively, perhaps the function should return all the files in the directory, excluding directories. So for each entry in os.listdir, check if it's a file. To do that, I can use os.path.isfile. So the steps would be:

1. Check if the path is a valid directory. If not, maybe return an empty list or raise an error? The function's docstring doesn't specify, so maybe just return an empty list if the path isn't a directory.

2. Iterate over each item in os.listdir(path).

3. For each item, check if the full path (path + item) is a file. So using os.path.join to combine the path with the filename.

4. Collect all such filenames into a list and return it.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return all entries, including directories. But the docstring says "files", so probably the former.

So putting this together:

First, import os.

Then, in the function:

def files_list(path):
    if not os.path.isdir(path):
        return []
    files = []
    for filename in os.listdir(path):
        full_path = os.path.join(path, filename)
        if os.path.isfile(full_path):
            files.append(filename)
    return files

Wait, but maybe the user wants the full paths? The function's return isn't specified. The docstring says "Return the files in given path." So perhaps just the filenames, not the full paths. So the code above is correct.

Alternatively, maybe just return os.listdir(path) if the path exists. But that would include directories. Since the problem mentions "files", probably the first approach is better.

Another edge case: what if the path is a file itself? Then isdir would be false, so return empty list. That's correct.

So I think that's the way to go. Let me write the code with that.
