Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the status_str method based on the given docstring. Let's see. The function is an instance method, so it takes self and an optional prefix parameter. The goal is to return a string that's created by going through the sorted self.messages list. Each element in that list should be prefixed with the given prefix and then combined into a single string.

Hmm, first, I should check if self.messages exists. Oh wait, the problem says to assume that the class has a messages list. So the method can just use self.messages. The first step is to sort the messages. So sorted_messages = sorted(self.messages). Then, for each message in sorted_messages, we add the prefix and the message. So each line would be prefix + msg. Then, I need to collect all these into a list and then join them into a single string. Maybe with newlines? The docstring isn't explicit, but the example in the problem's first question used newlines. Wait, the current problem's docstring says "each visit add prefix and the element", so maybe each element is on a new line. Or maybe just concatenated? But probably each element is on a separate line. Let me think again.

The docstring says "visiting the sorted self.messages list, each visit add prefix and the element". So for each element in the sorted list, we have a line that starts with the prefix followed by the element. Then all those lines are combined into a string. So the code would loop over each message in the sorted list, create a string for each like (prefix + msg), then join them with newlines. So the code would be something like:

def status_str(self, prefix=''):
    sorted_msgs = sorted(self.messages)
    return '\n'.join([prefix + msg for msg in sorted_msgs])

Wait, but what if the prefix is empty? Then it's just the messages joined with newlines. That seems to fit the description. Let me check the docstring again. The function returns a string made by adding the prefix and each element in the sorted list. So yes, each element is prefixed and then the elements are joined. The exact delimiter isn't specified, but since it's a string, perhaps each is on a new line, so using \n to join them. That's the most logical approach. So the code should be as above. 

Wait, but maybe the elements are just concatenated without any separator? Like prefix + msg for each, but then all those strings are concatenated? Like, if the messages are ["a", "b"], and the prefix is ">", then it would be ">a>b". That seems less likely. The problem's first example probably uses lines. The docstring says "visiting the sorted list, each visit add prefix and the element". So each element is added with the prefix, possibly each on a new line. So using the join with '\n' makes sense. 

Therefore, the code should sort the messages, loop through each, prepend the prefix, then join with newlines. So the code is as I wrote. Let me make sure that self.messages is a list. The problem states that, so the code is okay. 

Wait, what if the messages list is empty? The code would return an empty string, which is correct. 

So the final code should be as written. Let me write that.
