Okay, I need to generate Python code for the make_parsers function based on the given docstring. The function should build a top-level parser and its subparsers, returning them as a tuple. 

Hmm, right, this sounds like it's related to the argparse module in Python. The standard approach would be to create an ArgumentParser for the top-level, then get a subparsers object from it. 

So first, the function should import argparse. Then, create the main parser. The top-level parser is usually created with ArgumentParser, and then you add subparsers using add_subparsers(). 

Wait, the exact steps would be:

1. Initialize the top-level parser. Maybe set a description or something, but the docstring doesn't specify, so probably just the basic parser.
2. Get the subparsers by calling add_subparsers() on the top-level parser.
3. Return both the parser and the subparsers as a tuple in that order.

Wait, the function is supposed to return them as a tuple. So the code would look like:

def make_parsers():
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers()
    return parser, subparsers

Is that right? Let me think again. Oh, right, sometimes the subparsers are given a variable name, but in the code, adding them via add_subparsers() returns the object. 

Wait, I should check if the add_subparsers needs any parameters. The default destination is probably okay here. The user didn't specify any details, so the minimal code is correct. 

Yes, that's the code. So I just need to write that, making sure to import argparse. Oh, right, the function must be standalone, so the code should include the import. Wait, the problem says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, so the code must include the import statement. 

Wait, the user provided the function signature, but the code must be self-contained. So the code should start with the import, then the function.

Wait, the user's instruction says to output the code generated in Python markdown format. So the code block would be enclosed in triple backticks with the language specified. 

Putting it all together, the code would be:

```python
import argparse

def make_parsers():
    """
    Build a top-level parser and its subparsers and return them as a tuple.
    """
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers()
    return parser, subparsers
```

I think that's it. Let me double-check. The function returns a tuple of (parser, subparsers), which is correct. The subparsers object is obtained via add_subparsers. The docstring is included. The import is there. Yep, that should work.
