Okay, I need to write the Python function _group_files_by_xml_filename based on the given docstring. Let me think about what the function is supposed to do.

The function's purpose is to group files by xml filenames and return a dictionary. The parameters are source, xmls, and files. Hmm, the docstring isn't very detailed, so I should figure out what each parameter represents. 

The name suggests that 'xmls' is a list of XML files, and 'files' is a list of other files that need to be grouped according to their corresponding XML. Maybe each file in 'files' has a name that relates to one of the XML files. The source might be a directory or some identifier, but not sure yet. 

Wait, perhaps the task is to group all the non-xml files (files) by which XML file they belong to. Like, for each file in files, check if its filename (without extension) matches an XML filename (without extension), then group them under that XML in a dictionary. 

So the steps would be:

1. Create a dictionary where each key is an XML filename (maybe without extension?), and the value is a list of files that are associated with that XML.

2. Iterate over each file in the 'files' list. For each file, determine which XML it's related to. 

How do we find the corresponding XML? Maybe the non-xml files have names that start with the same base as the XML file. For example, if there's an xml file named "report.xml", then files like "report.txt" or "report.csv" would belong to it. 

So, for each file in files, we can extract its base name (without extension) and compare it to the base names of the XML files. The first matching XML would be its group.

Alternatively, maybe the XML filenames are the keys, and for each XML file, collect all files that share the same base name but have a different extension. 

But how exactly to match them? Let's think of an example. Suppose xmls is a list like ["file1.xml", "file2.xml"], and files is ["file1.txt", "file2.jpg", "file3.xml"]. Then the grouped dict should have entries for each XML in xmls, with their corresponding files. 

Wait, but "file3.xml" is in the files list but not in the xmls list, so it might not be included. 

The steps in code would be:

Initialize an empty dictionary. For each XML in xmls, add it as a key with an empty list. Then, iterate over each file in files. For each file, check which XML's base name matches the file's base name. When found, add the file to that XML's list in the dict.

But how to process the filenames? Let's think about splitting the extensions. For example, using os.path.splitext to get the base name. 

So for an XML file named "example.xml", the base is "example". A file named "example.txt" would match, so it goes into the list under "example.xml".

But the key in the dictionary would be the actual XML filename, not the base. So first, process all XML files to get their base names, and then for each file, check if its base matches any of the XML's base. 

The algorithm:

- Create a dictionary, grouped = {xml_filename: [] for xml_filename in xmls}

- For each file in files:
   - base_file = os.path.splitext(file)[0]
   - for each xml in xmls:
       base_xml = os.path.splitext(xml)[0]
       if base_file == base_xml:
           grouped[xml].append(file)
           break  # once found, no need to check others

Wait, but there might be multiple XMLs with the same base? Probably not, but the code would just add to the first one found. Hmm, but maybe the XMLs are unique in their base names. 

Alternatively, maybe the XMLs are the primary keys, so for each file, find the XML that has the same base name. 

This approach should work. 

Now, considering edge cases: what if a file doesn't match any XML? Then it's just not added to any group. The problem says to group by XML filenames, so those without a match are excluded? Or perhaps included in some default group? The docstring doesn't mention that, so probably ignore them. 

Now, the parameters: the source is given as the first argument. Wait, the function signature is def _group_files_by_xml_filename(source, xmls, files). The 'source' parameter is included but not used in the docstring. Maybe 'source' is a directory path, and the files are relative to that? Or perhaps the source is part of the filename? 

Hmm, perhaps the actual filenames in 'xmls' and 'files' are paths, and the source is part of how they are processed. Maybe the source is the directory where the files are located, but that's unclear. 

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is a prefix that is used when constructing the keys. Wait, but the docstring doesn't specify. Since the problem says to generate code based on the given signature and docstring, perhaps the 'source' is not used in the function. But that would be odd. 

Wait, maybe the function is supposed to group the files based on their XML filename, but considering the source as part of the path? Or perhaps 'source' is a directory, and the XML files and other files are within that directory. 

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is part of the key in the dictionary? Like, the key is a combination of the source and the XML filename. But the docstring says to return data in dict format, grouped by xml filenames. 

Hmm, perhaps the 'source' is a parameter that's not used here, maybe a leftover or something that the function doesn't need. Maybe the user made a mistake, but I have to follow the signature. 

Alternatively, maybe the source is the directory where the XMLs are located, and the files are to be grouped by their corresponding XML in that directory. But without more info, I'll proceed as per the parameters given. 

In the code, perhaps 'source' is not used. Maybe the function is written to take it but not use it. Or perhaps there's a misunderstanding. But given that the function is supposed to group by XML filenames, perhaps 'source' is not needed in the code. 

So proceeding with the code as follows:

import os

def _group_files_by_xml_filename(source, xmls, files):
    grouped = {xml: [] for xml in xmls}
    for file in files:
        base_file = os.path.splitext(file)[0]
        for xml in xmls:
            base_xml = os.path.splitext(xml)[0]
            if base_file == base_xml:
                grouped[xml].append(file)
                break
    return grouped

Wait, but this code doesn't use the 'source' parameter. That's a problem. The function signature includes 'source' as the first argument, but in the code above, it's unused. 

Hmm, maybe the 'source' is part of the path for the XML or files. For example, perhaps the XMLs are in the source directory, so their full path would be os.path.join(source, xml), but the function's parameters might have the filenames without the path. Or maybe the 'source' is a directory to look into, but I'm not sure. 

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is a prefix that's part of the XML filename. Like, the actual XML filename is source + some string. 

Alternatively, perhaps the files are in the source directory, and the XML filenames are relative to that. 

But without more info, I have to assume that the 'source' is not used in the current function. But the problem says to generate code based on the given signature, so the code must include the 'source' parameter. 

Hmm, perhaps the source is part of the keys in the dictionary. Like the key is a tuple of (source, xml_filename). But the docstring says to group by XML filenames, so maybe not. 

Alternatively, perhaps the files are grouped by their corresponding XML file in the source directory. So, for each file in files, check if their base name matches an XML in the xmls list, but the XMLs are in the source directory. 

Wait, maybe the XML filenames in the xmls list are relative to the source directory, so when checking, we need to process their paths. 

Alternatively, perhaps the 'source' is irrelevant here and can be ignored. Maybe the function's parameters include it but it's not part of the logic. 

In that case, the code I wrote earlier would work, but the 'source' is not used. 

But the problem says to generate the code based on the signature and docstring. Since the 'source' is part of the parameters, perhaps it's a mistake in the problem, or I need to include it somehow. 

Alternatively, maybe the source is the directory where the XML files are stored, and the files are being grouped by their corresponding XML in that directory. 

Wait, maybe the XML filenames in the xmls list are without the directory, but the actual path would be source + some path. But perhaps the files are in the source directory, so when comparing, the base names are taken without the path. 

Alternatively, maybe the source is a prefix to be added to the XML filenames in the keys. 

Hmm, this is confusing. Since the problem's docstring doesn't mention using the source, perhaps it's a red herring, and the function is written without using it. 

Alternatively, perhaps the 'source' is a directory and the files are all in that directory, so the code can ignore it. 

Well, given the problem's instruction, I have to write the code with the given parameters. Since I can't see how 'source' is used here, I'll proceed to write the code as before, even though 'source' is not used. Maybe it's a placeholder. 

Alternatively, perhaps the 'source' is a list or another parameter, but the function signature has it as the first argument. 

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is a string, and the XML filenames are combined with it. For example, the actual XML path is os.path.join(source, xml), but in that case, the code would have to process that. But without more info, it's hard to say. 

Well, given the time constraints, perhaps proceed with the code as I thought, and include the 'source' as a parameter but not use it. 

Wait, but the user might expect that the 'source' is part of the key. Let me think again. 

Suppose the function is supposed to group files by their corresponding XML file in the source directory. So the XML files are in the source directory, and the files list contains other files also in that directory. 

In that case, perhaps the XML filenames in the xmls list are just the names, and when grouping, we can use their base names. 

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory where all the files are stored, so when processing, we can ignore the path and just use the filenames. 

In any case, the code I have doesn't use the source, but the function signature requires it. So perhaps the 'source' is not used here. 

Well, I'll proceed with the code as written, even if 'source' is unused. The problem might have included it by mistake, but the code must have the parameters as given. 

Wait, maybe the 'source' is part of the filename. For example, the XML filenames in the xmls list are paths relative to the source, but when grouping, we just use the base name. 

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is a string that is part of the key. 

Alternatively, perhaps the 'source' is a list, but that's not indicated in the parameters. 

Hmm, perhaps the function is supposed to group the files by their XML filename, and the 'source' is the directory from which the XML files are read. But since the 'xmls' parameter is a list of filenames (maybe full paths or relative), then 'source' may not be needed. 

Alternatively, perhaps the 'source' is a string that is part of the key in the dictionary. Like the key is a combination of source and the XML filename. 

But the docstring says to group by XML filenames, so that's probably not the case. 

In conclusion, the code I wrote earlier should work, even if it ignores the 'source' parameter. 

Wait, but the problem says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. The docstring says to group files by xmls and return in a dict. So perhaps the 'source' is not needed. 

Therefore, proceed with the code as written, even though 'source' is unused. 

Alternatively, perhaps the 'source' is part of the file paths. For example, the files are in the source directory, so when processing, we need to check their base names without the source path. 

But without more info, I can't adjust for that. 

So the final code would be:

import os

def _group_files_by_xml_filename(source, xmls, files):
    grouped = {xml: [] for xml in xmls}
    for file in files:
        base_file = os.path.splitext(file)[0]
        for xml in xmls:
            base_xml = os.path.splitext(xml)[0]
            if base_file == base_xml:
                grouped[xml].append(file)
                break
    return grouped

Wait, but the 'source' isn't used. Is there a better way? 

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory where the XML files are, so the XML filenames in the 'xmls' list are relative to 'source'. But then, when checking the base name, maybe the path is stripped. 

Alternatively, perhaps the 'source' is a directory, and the XML files are in that directory. So the actual XML path is os.path.join(source, xml), but the file names in the files list are also in that directory, so when comparing the base names, the path can be ignored. 

In that case, the code remains the same, as the code uses the filenames passed in, not their full paths. 

Alternatively, maybe the files in 'files' include the source in their path, so when splitting, we need to process the filenames to remove the source. 

But without knowing, it's hard to adjust. 

Well, given the problem's constraints, I think this is the best I can do. The code groups the files by XML filenames based on their base names, using the parameters given, even if 'source' isn't used. 

Perhaps the 'source' is a parameter that's not needed, but included in the function signature for some reason. 

Therefore, the code should be as above.
