Okay, so I need to generate Python code for the format method based on the given signature and docstring. Let's start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says "Convert sql using self._converter.convert". So the main task here is to take the sql and params, pass them through the converter's convert method, and return the result.

First, the method is part of a class, since it's an instance method with 'self' as the first parameter. The parameters are sql (which can be a string or bytes, since it's AnyStr) and params, which can be a dictionary or a sequence. The return type is a tuple containing the formatted sql (same type as input) and the possibly modified params.

Looking at the function signature, the return is a tuple of AnyStr and the same type as params. So the code should call self._converter.convert, passing in sql and params, and return whatever that returns. Wait, but how does the convert method work? The docstring doesn't specify, but since the function's job is to use it, I can assume that the convert method takes sql and params and returns a new sql and possibly new params. So the code is straightforward: call convert and return the result.

Wait, but maybe the convert method could return the modified SQL and the modified parameters. So the code would be something like:

def format(self, sql, params):
    return self._converter.convert(sql, params)

But I need to make sure that the parameters are passed correctly. The params can be a dictionary or a sequence, so the convert method must handle both cases. Since the function's job is just to delegate to the converter, that's all the code needed here. 

Wait, but the function's return type is a tuple of AnyStr and the same type of params. So the converter's convert method must return exactly that. Therefore, the code is indeed as simple as that one line.

But maybe I should check if the parameters are being handled correctly. The function's parameters are named params, which is a union of dict (with keys of str or int) or a sequence. The convert method must accept those types. So as long as the converter's method is correctly implemented, the code should work.

So putting it all together, the method would be:

def format(
    self,
    sql: AnyStr,
    params: Union[Dict[Union[str, int], Any], Sequence[Any]],
) -> Tuple[AnyStr, Union[Dict[Union[str, int], Any], Sequence[Any]]]:
    return self._converter.convert(sql, params)

That's it. The docstring is already provided, so the code just needs to make that single call and return the result. I don't see any other steps needed here. The function's purpose is to delegate to the converter's method. So the code is straightforward.
