Okay, I need to write a Python function called parse_arguments that takes *unparsed_arguments as input. The goal is to parse these command-line arguments and return a dictionary mapping from subparser names or "global" to an argparse.Namespace instance. 

First, I remember that argparse can handle subparsers. The function probably needs to set up a parser with subparsers, each corresponding to a different command. But wait, how do I structure this? Let me think.

The function should probably create an ArgumentParser. Then, add a subparsers object using add_subparsers(). Each subparser would correspond to a different command, like 'command1', 'command2', etc. But since the user hasn't provided specific subparsers, maybe the function just needs to handle the general case where the subparsers are defined in the code?

Wait, the problem states that the function is given the unparsed arguments and needs to parse them into a dict. The key points are that the return is a dict where one of the keys is the subparser name (like the command given) and another is "global" for any arguments not tied to a subparser. 

Hmm, perhaps the way to do this is to create a parser with a subparsers action. Each subparser will have its own Namespace. The main parser would collect the global arguments, and the subparsers handle their own. 

Wait, but how does the main parser know which subparsers exist? Oh, maybe the function is supposed to be generic, but in reality, the user would have to define the subparsers. Wait, the problem's docstring says "Given command-line arguments...", but the function is supposed to parse them, but how can that work without knowing the subparsers? 

Wait, maybe the function is part of a larger script where the subparsers are already defined. But in this case, the function is supposed to be written as per the given signature. Hmm, perhaps the function is supposed to setup the necessary parsers and subparsers, but without specific information, maybe it's a generic approach where the subparsers are added dynamically?

Wait, perhaps the problem is expecting me to structure the code such that the function creates a parser, adds subparsers, and then parses the arguments. The returned dict would map the subparser's name (the one that was chosen) to its namespace, and also include a "global" key for the top-level arguments not part of any subparser.

Alternatively, maybe the "global" key refers to the top-level arguments that are not part of any subparser. So the overall structure would be:

- The main parser parses the global arguments.
- The subparsers each parse their own arguments, and the chosen subparser's namespace is stored under its name.
- The returned dict has entries for "global" (the main namespace) and the subparser's name (the sub's namespace).

But how do I capture that in the code? Let me outline the steps:

1. Import argparse.
2. Create the main parser.
3. Add the subparsers using parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand'), maybe. The 'dest' will capture which subparser was used.
4. Then, each subparser needs to have its own set of arguments. But since the function is generic, maybe it's expecting that the subparsers are predefined in some way? Wait, no. The problem's function signature doesn't mention any parameters for the subparsers, so maybe this is a function that's part of a larger codebase where the subparsers are already added?

Hmm, perhaps the function is supposed to be a helper that parses the arguments into the structure described, but the actual setup of the subparsers is done elsewhere. Wait, but the function is supposed to take the unparsed arguments and parse them. So the code inside the function must setup the parser and subparsers, but how?

Wait, maybe the user is supposed to have already defined the subparsers in the parser, but in this case, the function must create the parser with the necessary subparsers. But without knowing what the subparsers are, how can the code do that? 

Hmm, perhaps the function is supposed to return all possible subparsers, but that's not possible unless the subparsers are predefined. This is confusing. Maybe I'm misunderstanding the problem.

Looking back at the docstring: "parse the arguments and return them as a dict mapping from subparser name (or "global") to an argparse.Namespace instance." So the keys are the subparser names and "global". The "global" would be the top-level arguments not part of any subparser. The subparser names are the names of the subparsers that were used. 

Wait, but in the standard argparse setup, when you have subparsers, each subparser has a name, and the chosen one's arguments are parsed. The main parser would have the global arguments, and the subparsers' namespaces are stored under their respective names. So the function's job is to parse the args, then create a dict where "global" is the top-level namespace, and each subparser name (like 'cmd') would have their own namespace if they were used.

But how to get that into a dict? Let's think of an example. Suppose the main parser has a --verbose flag as a global argument. Then, there's a subparser 'add' with its own arguments. When the user runs the script with 'add --some-arg', then the returned dict would have 'global' with the verbose setting, and 'add' with the sub's args.

So to structure this, the main parser's parse_args() will return a Namespace with all the global args and the subparser's args. But the subparsers are typically set up with a dest (like 'subcommand') which holds the name of the chosen subparser. 

Wait, the standard way is that when you do:

parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')

Then, each subparser is added with a name, like:

sub_p = subparsers.add_parser('add')

When you parse the args, the Namespace will have a 'subcommand' attribute set to 'add' if that subparser was used. The other arguments from the subparser are also in the Namespace.

So, the function needs to take the unparsed args, create the parser with the necessary subparsers (but how?), parse them, then split the Namespace into the global and subparser parts.

Wait, but the problem's function signature doesn't have any parameters to define the subparsers. That suggests that perhaps the function is part of a larger code where the parser is already set up, and the function just parses the args using that parser? But the function is supposed to be self-contained. 

Hmm, maybe I'm overcomplicating. Let me think of the code structure again.

The function must return a dict where the keys are the subparser names (the names of the subparsers chosen, or all possible?) and "global". The "global" would be the top-level arguments not part of any subparser. The subparsers' namespaces would be under their own names.

Wait, perhaps the main parser's Namespace includes all the global arguments plus the subparser's arguments. To separate them, the function can split the attributes into two parts: those that belong to the subparser and those that are global.

Alternatively, maybe the subparsers are set up such that each subparser has a unique dest, but that's not standard. 

Alternatively, the function could create a parser with a subparsers action, and then when parsing, the subparsers' arguments are stored under their own namespace, but I'm not sure how to get that into a dict.

Wait, here's an approach:

- Create the main parser and add subparsers with a dest (like 'subcommand').

- Parse the arguments into a namespace.

- The main namespace contains all global args and the subcommand name.

- The subparser's namespace is part of the main namespace? No, that's not how it works. The subparser's args are added directly to the main namespace. 

Hmm, perhaps the way to separate them is to have each subparser's arguments be under a separate namespace. To do that, you can set the 'parse_as_namespace' attribute when adding the subparser. Wait, no, perhaps using a separate parser for each subcommand and then combining them?

Alternatively, perhaps the function can use the parents or some other method. 

Alternatively, maybe the function should use a subparsers.add_parser with a 'set_defaults' that includes a parser, so that each subcommand's parser can be stored. But this might be getting too involved.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem expects a simplified approach where the main parser's namespace is split into the global and subparser parts. The subcommand name is known from the 'subcommand' attribute (if the subparsers were added with dest='subcommand'). 

So here's a possible plan:

1. Create the main parser with a subparsers object that has a dest (like 'subcommand').

2. The subparsers are added with their own parsers, each adding their own arguments.

But in this function, how are the subparsers added? Since the function is supposed to be generic, perhaps the code inside the function must create the necessary subparsers. But without knowing what the subparsers are, that's impossible. Wait, maybe the function is part of a larger script where the subparsers are already defined, but in this case, the function is supposed to be written as a standalone function. 

Hmm, maybe the problem is expecting that the function returns a dictionary where one key is 'global' (the top-level args) and another is the name of the subcommand (the subparser's name), and the rest are the subparsers' args. But how to get that?

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to use the fact that the subparsers' arguments are stored in the Namespace under their own attributes, so the dict can be built by:

- The 'global' key holds the main Namespace minus the subcommand's arguments.

Wait, but that's not straightforward. Maybe the 'global' part is all the non-subcommand arguments. But how to separate that?

Alternatively, the 'global' key could just be the main Namespace except for the subcommand's name and its own arguments. But this seems complicated.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'global' key is the main parser's arguments except for the subcommand, and the subcommand's key holds its own arguments. To do that, maybe the subparsers are each set to store their arguments in a separate Namespace. To do that, perhaps using a custom class for the Namespace? 

Alternatively, here's a possible code structure:

def parse_arguments(*unparsed_arguments):
    import argparse
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')
    # Now, add the subparsers here. But without knowing what they are, how?
    # Wait, maybe the problem expects that the subparsers are predefined, but in this function's context, perhaps it's a generic setup where the subparsers are added with some default, but that's not possible.

Hmm, perhaps the problem is expecting that the function creates a parser with a subparsers, and then when parsing, the returned Namespace has a 'subcommand' attribute indicating which subparser was used, and then the function can split the Namespace into two parts: the global arguments (all except the subcommand's arguments) and the subcommand's arguments. But how to do that?

Alternatively, perhaps the function should return a dict where the 'global' key maps to the main parser's parsed arguments (without the subcommand's specific args), and the subcommand's name maps to the subparser's parsed arguments. But how to get that?

Wait, here's an idea: each subparser can have its own parser, so when you parse the arguments, the main parser's Namespace includes all the global args plus the subcommand name, and the subparser's arguments are stored in another Namespace. But that's not the standard way. 

Alternatively, perhaps the subparsers are each set to have their own Namespace. To do that, maybe the subparsers can be added with a custom parser class that stores the arguments in a separate namespace. But that's more complex.

Alternatively, the problem might be expecting a simpler approach where the dict has two keys: 'global' and the subcommand name. The 'global' is the main parser's arguments except for the subcommand, and the subcommand's key holds the subparser's arguments. But how to get that?

Alternatively, perhaps the function can use the fact that the subparsers' arguments are stored in the Namespace under their own attributes, so the subcommand's namespace can be extracted by creating a new Namespace with those attributes. But this requires knowing which attributes belong to the subcommand.

Wait, here's a possible solution:

- Create the main parser with a subparsers object that has a dest 'subcommand'.

- When parsing the arguments, get the subcommand name from the 'subcommand' attribute.

- The main Namespace includes all the global args and the subcommand's args.

- To split into the dict, the 'global' key would have all the arguments except those specific to the subcommand, but how to know which are those?

Alternatively, the 'global' is just the main Namespace, and the subcommand's Namespace is also part of it. But the problem requires a dict mapping subparser name to Namespace, so maybe the 'global' key's value is the main Namespace, and the subcommand's name key has its own Namespace. But how to get that?

Hmm, perhaps the subparsers can be set up to store their arguments in a separate Namespace. To do this, when adding a subparser, you can set the 'parser' to have a different namespace, but I don't recall how to do that.

Alternatively, here's a different approach inspired by the standard way:

Suppose the main parser has some global arguments. The subparsers are each added with their own set of arguments. When you parse the args, the resulting Namespace contains all the global arguments plus the subcommand's arguments. The 'subcommand' attribute tells you which subparser was used. So, to build the dict:

- The 'global' key's value is a Namespace containing the global arguments (excluding the subcommand's specific ones). But how to get that?

Alternatively, the 'global' could just be the main parser's Namespace without the subcommand's specific attributes. But that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, maybe the 'global' key is the main parser's Namespace, and the subcommand's key is the same Namespace, but that doesn't make sense.

Hmm, perhaps the problem is expecting that the 'global' key holds the top-level arguments (those not part of any subparser), and the subparser's key holds their own arguments. To do this, perhaps the subparsers are each set up to have their own Namespace, but I'm not sure how.

Alternatively, maybe the function can create a parser with a subparsers, and then for each subparser, when it's chosen, its arguments are stored in the Namespace. The function can then create a dict where the 'global' key holds the Namespace from the main parser, except for the subcommand's specific arguments. But how to separate them?

Alternatively, perhaps the 'global' key holds the main parser's Namespace, and the subcommand's name holds the same Namespace. But that would not be a split. 

This is getting a bit stuck. Maybe I should look for examples or recall how subparsers work in argparse.

Let me think of an example:

Suppose the main parser has --verbose as a global argument. The subparsers are 'add' and 'remove'. When the user runs the script with 'add --name foo', the Namespace would have:

.verbose: whatever value (or None if not provided)
.subcommand: 'add'
.name: 'foo'

The 'global' part would be the .verbose and .subcommand, but the subcommand's arguments (like .name) are part of the main namespace. So the dict should have:

'global': Namespace containing .verbose and .subcommand (but perhaps including all except the subcommand's args?)

Hmm, perhaps the 'global' is all the arguments except those specific to the subcommand, but that's not really possible without knowing which are the subcommand's arguments.

Alternatively, maybe the 'global' is the main parser's arguments (excluding the subcommand's specific ones), and the subcommand's key holds the subcommand's specific args. But how to extract that?

Alternatively, the 'global' could be the main parser's parsed arguments, and the subcommand's key is also the same Namespace, but that doesn't make sense.

Wait, perhaps the problem is expecting that the function returns a dictionary where:

- The 'global' key corresponds to the top-level arguments (those not part of any subparser).

- The subparser's name key corresponds to the arguments specific to that subparser.

But how to separate them?

Maybe the way to do this is to have each subparser's arguments be in a nested Namespace. To do that, when adding a subparser, you can set a prefix for its arguments. Alternatively, use a custom class for the Namespace.

Alternatively, perhaps each subparser's arguments are stored in their own Namespace, but I'm not sure how to achieve that with argparse.

Hmm, maybe the problem is simpler than I'm making it. Let's think of the required return structure: a dict where the keys are either "global" or the name of a subparser, and the values are the corresponding Namespaces. The 'global' would be the main parser's parsed arguments, and the subparser's key would be the parsed arguments for that subparser. But how to get that?

Wait, perhaps the main parser's Namespace contains all the global arguments plus the subcommand's arguments. The subcommand's name is stored in the 'subcommand' attribute. The subparsers' arguments are stored in the Namespace as their own attributes. So the 'global' part would be the main parser's Namespace, excluding the subcommand's specific attributes. But how to extract that?

Alternatively, maybe the 'global' key is just the main parser's Namespace without the subcommand's specific arguments, but that requires knowing which attributes belong to the subcommand. Since the subcommand's name is known, perhaps the subcommand's parser can be retrieved, and its arguments can be listed. 

Wait, here's a possible plan:

1. Create the main parser with a subparsers object that has a dest 'subcommand'.

2. When parsing the arguments, get the subcommand name from the parsed Namespace's 'subcommand' attribute.

3. The main parser's Namespace includes all the global and subcommand's arguments.

4. To build the dict:

   - The 'global' key's value is a new Namespace containing all the attributes except those specific to the subcommand.

   - The subcommand's key's value is a new Namespace containing only the subcommand's arguments.

But to do this, you need to know which attributes belong to the subcommand. To find that, you can get the subparser's parser by name and list its arguments.

So steps in code:

- After parsing the main Namespace, get the subcommand name.

- Get the subparser's parser using the name and the subparsers' _name_parser_map (which is a private attribute, but maybe accessible).

- Then, the subcommand's arguments are those in the subparser's _actions (excluding the help action, etc).

- Then, create a new Namespace for the subcommand's arguments by filtering the main Namespace's attributes.

- The global Namespace would exclude those attributes.

But this requires accessing internal attributes of the parser, which might not be the best practice, but perhaps it's the way to go here.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem expects a simpler approach where the 'global' is the main parser's Namespace, and the subcommand's name is another key pointing to the same Namespace, but that's not helpful.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to return a dictionary with two keys: 'global' and the subcommand's name. The 'global' contains all the non-subcommand arguments, and the subcommand's key has its own arguments. But how to split them?

Wait, perhaps the 'global' is the main parser's Namespace excluding the subcommand's arguments, but that's not feasible without knowing which are those. Maybe the subcommand's arguments are all the ones except the global ones?

Alternatively, perhaps the 'global' key is the main parser's Namespace, and the subcommand's key is the same Namespace but with only the subcommand's arguments. But that's not possible unless you can filter.

Hmm, maybe the problem is expecting a different approach. Let me think of the following code structure:

import argparse

def parse_arguments(*unparsed_arguments):
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')
    # Add subparsers here, but since we don't know their names or args, this is impossible. 
    # Wait, maybe the function is supposed to handle the case where the subparsers are already defined in the parser?

No, the function must create the parser and subparsers. But how?

Wait, perhaps the problem's function is part of a script where the subparsers are added before calling this function. But the function's signature doesn't include the parser, so it must create it.

This is confusing. Maybe the problem is expecting that the function returns a dictionary where the 'global' key holds the parsed arguments from the main parser (excluding the subparsers' arguments), and the subcommand's name holds the subparser's arguments. To do this, the function must set up the main parser with a subparsers object, and then after parsing, split the Namespace into two parts.

Alternatively, maybe the 'global' key is the main parser's Namespace, and the subparser's key is also the same Namespace, but that's not helpful.

Hmm, maybe I'm overcomplicating and the problem is expecting a simple setup where the main parser has a subparsers, and the returned dict has "global" as the main parser's namespace and the subparser's name as the subparser's namespace. But how?

Wait, when you use subparsers, the subparser's arguments are stored in the main Namespace. So the subparser's arguments are part of the main Namespace. So the only way to separate them is to know which attributes belong to the subcommand. 

Perhaps the way to do this is:

After parsing the arguments, get the subcommand name from the Namespace's 'subcommand' attribute. Then, find the subparser that corresponds to that name. Once you have that subparser, you can list its arguments and create a new Namespace with just those arguments. The 'global' part would be the main Namespace minus those arguments. But how to do this?

Let me try writing code for this:

def parse_arguments(*unparsed_arguments):
    import argparse
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')
    
    # Add some example subparsers for testing, but the function should work generally. Wait, but the function is supposed to be general, not have predefined subparsers. So this approach won't work.

Hmm, this is a problem. The function can't know what subparsers exist unless they are defined in the function. But the function's signature doesn't allow parameters for that. 

Wait, maybe the problem is expecting that the subparsers are added by the user of the function, but that's not possible in this context. 

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to return a dictionary where the main Namespace is under the 'global' key, and the subcommand's name is also present but pointing to the same Namespace. But that doesn't make sense.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem is expecting that the 'global' key contains the main parser's arguments except for the subcommand's name, and the subcommand's key contains the same Namespace. But that's not useful.

Alternatively, maybe the 'global' key holds the top-level arguments not part of any subparser, and the subcommand's key holds its own arguments. To do this, the main parser must have global arguments, and each subparser has their own. The main Namespace contains all of them. To split, the 'global' would be the main Namespace without the subcommand's arguments, and the subcommand's key would be the main Namespace minus the global ones. 

But how to separate them?

Perhaps the solution is to use the dest of the subparsers. The subparsers' arguments are all the ones not in the main parser's global arguments. 

Alternatively, here's a possible code structure:

def parse_arguments(*unparsed_arguments):
    import argparse
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')
    
    # Since the function is supposed to be general, but we can't add subparsers without knowing them, maybe the problem expects that the subparsers are added by the user before calling this function. But that's not possible in a standalone function.

Hmm, perhaps the problem is expecting that the 'global' key contains the main parser's arguments except for the subcommand, and the subcommand's key contains the same namespace. But then why have two entries?

Alternatively, maybe the 'global' is the main Namespace, and the subcommand's key is the same as the main Namespace. That doesn't make sense.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem's description is slightly different. Maybe the 'global' key holds the top-level arguments (not part of any subparser), and the subparser's name holds the subparser's arguments. To do this, the main parser's arguments (global) are those that are not part of any subparser. The subparser's arguments are stored in their own namespace. But how?

Ah! Maybe the subparsers are each set to store their arguments in a separate Namespace. To do that, each subparser can be added with a custom parser that uses a different Namespace class. But I'm not sure how to do that.

Alternatively, perhaps the subparsers can be added with a 'set_defaults' that includes a parser, so that when the subcommand is parsed, its arguments are stored in a separate namespace. But I'm not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps the function can parse the arguments into a Namespace, then create a dictionary where 'global' is the main parser's arguments (excluding the subcommand's specific ones), and the subcommand's name is a new Namespace with just the subcommand's arguments. 

To do this:

After parsing, get the subcommand name from the main Namespace's 'subcommand' attribute. Then, find the subparser that corresponds to that name. The subparser's arguments can be retrieved by looking at the actions in the subparser's _actions list. 

Then, collect all the argument names from the subparser's actions (excluding the 'help' action, perhaps). Then, create a new Namespace with just those attributes from the main Namespace. The 'global' Namespace would exclude those attributes. 

Here's a possible code outline:

def parse_arguments(*unparsed_arguments):
    import argparse
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')
    
    # Add some example subparsers here for testing, but in reality, the user must have added them somehow. 
    # But the function's signature doesn't allow that. So perhaps the problem is expecting that the function is part of a larger code where the subparsers are already added. 

Wait, this is impossible in a standalone function. Maybe the problem is expecting that the function creates the parser and subparsers, but the subparsers are added dynamically based on some criteria not specified here. That doesn't make sense.

Hmm, perhaps I'm overcomplicating and the function is supposed to return a dict where the keys are "global" and the subparser's name, and the values are the corresponding namespaces. The main parser's Namespace is split into global and subcommand parts. 

The code might look like this:

def parse_arguments(*unparsed_arguments):
    import argparse
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')
    
    # Since there's no subparsers added, the code might not work. But perhaps the problem expects that the subparsers are added in the function, but without knowing what they are, so this is impossible. 

Wait, perhaps the problem is expecting that the function uses the *unparsed_arguments to create the parser and subparsers, but that's not possible without knowing the structure.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to use the first argument as the subparser name, and the rest as its arguments. But that's not the standard way.

Hmm, maybe the problem's description is slightly different. Let me read it again:

"Given command-line arguments with which this script was invoked, parse the arguments and return them as a dict mapping from subparser name (or "global") to an argparse.Namespace instance."

Ah! The function's arguments are the unparsed arguments, which are the command-line arguments passed to the script. The function's job is to parse them into a dictionary where each key is either the subparser's name or "global", and the value is the corresponding Namespace.

So the function must create a parser, add subparsers, and parse the arguments. The subparsers must be added in the function, but how? Because the function doesn't know what subparsers exist. 

This is a contradiction. Unless the function is supposed to assume that there are no subparsers, but then the dict would have only the "global" key. 

Alternatively, maybe the problem is expecting that the subparsers are added dynamically based on the arguments, but that's not possible. 

Wait, perhaps the function is supposed to return a dict where the main parser's Namespace is under 'global', and if there was a subcommand, its name is also a key pointing to the same Namespace. But that's not helpful.

Alternatively, maybe the 'global' key holds the main parser's Namespace, and any subparser's name that was used also has the same Namespace. But that's redundant.

Hmm, I'm stuck. Maybe I should look for similar code examples. 

After some thinking, perhaps the solution is to use the subparsers' dest attribute, and then the subparser's arguments are all the other attributes except for the global ones. 

Wait, here's an example code:

def parse_arguments(*unparsed_arguments):
    import argparse
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')
    # Add a subparser for testing (but in reality, the function should handle any subparsers added by the user)
    subparsers.add_parser('test')
    args = parser.parse_args(unparsed_arguments)
    result = {}
    result['global'] = args
    if args.subcommand:
        result[args.subcommand] = args
    return result

But this isn't correct because the 'test' subparser's arguments are stored in the global args. The dict would have both 'global' and 'test' pointing to the same Namespace. That's not what the problem requires.

Alternatively, perhaps the problem wants the 'global' to be the main parser's arguments (excluding the subcommand's), and the subcommand's name holds its own arguments. To do this, you can split the Namespace into two parts.

Here's another approach:

def parse_arguments(*unparsed_arguments):
    import argparse
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers(dest='subcommand')
    # Assume that subparsers are added somehow (this is the problem's assumption)
    # Parse the arguments
    args = parser.parse_args(unparsed_arguments)
    # Create the result dict
    result = {}
    # The 'global' key holds all arguments except those specific to the subcommand
    global_namespace = argparse.Namespace()
    subcommand_namespace = argparse.Namespace()
    if args.subcommand:
        # Get the subparser for the subcommand
        subparser = subparsers._name_parser_map.get(args.subcommand)
        if subparser:
            # Get all the arguments from the subparser
            subcommand_args = [action.dest for action in subparser._actions if action.dest != 'help']
            for key, value in vars(args).items():
                if key == 'subcommand':
                    continue
                if key in subcommand_args:
                    setattr(subcommand_namespace, key, value)
                else:
                    setattr(global_namespace, key, value)
            result['global'] = global_namespace
            result[args.subcommand] = subcommand_namespace
        else:
            # No subparser found, maybe just return global
            result['global'] = args
    else:
        # No subcommand used, so all args are global
        result['global'] = args
    return result

This code tries to separate the arguments based on the subparser's actions. The subparser's arguments are those present in its actions. The 'global' namespace contains the other arguments (excluding the subcommand's specific ones). The subcommand's namespace contains its own arguments. 

However, this relies on accessing the subparsers' internal attributes (like _name_parser_map and _actions), which are not part of the public API, but they are commonly used in examples. 

This approach might work. Let's see:

Suppose the main parser has a global argument '--verbose', and a subparser 'add' with an argument '--name'. 

When the user runs the script with 'add --name foo --verbose', the parsed args will have:

subcommand='add', verbose=True, name='foo'

The code would get the subparser 'add', get its actions, which include 'name' and possibly others. Then, the global_namespace would have 'verbose' and 'subcommand' (but we skip 'subcommand'?), and the subcommand_namespace would have 'name'. 

Wait, in the code above, the loop skips 'subcommand' because of the continue statement. So the 'subcommand' is not in either namespace. 

Hmm, perhaps the 'subcommand' should be part of the global namespace. 

This code may have some issues, but it's a possible solution given the problem's constraints. 

Therefore, the code would look like this, using the internal attributes of the subparsers.
