Okay, I need to write a Python function called minimalBases that takes a list of classes and returns those classes that don't have any subclasses. Hmm, right. So the problem is to find all the classes in the input list which are not superclasses of any other class in the same list. 

Wait, the doc says "without subclasses", so the minimal elements in the subset ordering. So a class is minimal if none of the other classes in the list are its subclasses. 

First, I need to figure out for each class in the list whether any other class in the list is a subclass of it. If so, then that class is not minimal. So the minimal bases are those classes for which there are no other classes in the list that are their subclasses.

How do I check that? Let's think: For each class C in the list, check if there exists another class D in the list (D != C) such that D is a subclass of C. If such a D exists, then C is not minimal. Otherwise, it is.

So the steps are:

1. Iterate over each class in the input list.
2. For each class C, check all other classes D in the list.
3. If any D (different from C) is a subclass of C, then exclude C from the result.
4. If none are found, include C in the result.

But wait, how do I check if D is a subclass of C? Using Python's isinstance or is operators? Wait, the 'issubclass' function might be better here. Because if D is a subclass of C, then issubclass(D, C) would return True. Wait, no, wait: issubclass(subclass, superclass) returns True if subclass is a subclass of superclass. Wait, actually, that's correct. Because if D is a subclass of C, then issubclass(D, C) would be True. Wait, no, wait. Let me think again. Suppose C is the base class. If D is a subclass of C, then issubclass(D, C) is True. So yes, that's correct.

But we need to check for each C whether any D (other than C) is a subclass of it. So for each C, loop through all D in the list, if D is not C and issubclass(D, C), then C has a subclass in the list, so it's not minimal.

Therefore the algorithm is:

result = []
for C in classes:
    has_subclass = False
    for D in classes:
        if D is not C and issubclass(D, C):
            has_subclass = True
            break
    if not has_subclass:
        result.append(C)
return result

Wait, but there's a problem here. What if the list contains a class and its own subclass? Like, say classes = [Animal, Dog], where Dog is a subclass of Animal. Then for Animal, there is Dog which is a subclass, so Animal would be excluded. Dog has no subclasses in the list (assuming no other classes), so Dog would be included. The minimal bases would be [Dog].

That makes sense. So the code should work.

But what about when a class is its own subclass? Well, technically a class is a subclass of itself. But in the check, D is not equal to C, so that case is excluded. So that's okay.

Now, what about the case where a class has multiple subclasses in the list. Like, say, classes = [A, B, C], where B and C both inherit from A. Then A would have B and C as subclasses, so A is excluded. B and C would each have to check if any other classes are their subclasses. Suppose B and C don't have any subclasses in the list, then they are both minimal.

Another edge case: if a class has a subclass which is not in the list, then that's irrelevant. Because we only care about subclasses that are present in the input list.

So the code should work as described.

Now, let's code this. The function's parameter is called 'classes' and it's a list of class objects.

Wait, but in Python, when you pass a list of classes, each element is a type object. So the code should handle that.

Potential issues:

- The order in which we check the classes doesn't matter because we're checking all pairs.

- Need to make sure that for each C, we check all D except itself.

So the code would be as follows.

Wait, but in Python, comparing classes with 'is' (like D is not C) is correct here? Because even if two different class objects have the same name, but in this case, the input is a list of classes, so each element is a distinct class object only if they are different classes. So yes, using 'is' is correct here.

So putting it all together:

def minimalBases(classes):
    """
    Returns all classes without subclasses as a list.
    """
    minimal = []
    for cls in classes:
        is_minimal = True
        for other in classes:
            if other is not cls and issubclass(other, cls):
                is_minimal = False
                break
        if is_minimal:
            minimal.append(cls)
    return minimal

Wait, that should do it. Let me test this in my mind.

Test case 1:

classes = [object] (assuming that's the only class here). Then for object, check if any other class in the list is a subclass. Since there are none, so object is included. So the result is [object].

Another test case where there are two classes, one being a subclass of the other.

Suppose classes = [A, B], where B is a subclass of A. Then for A, check B is a subclass, so A is not minimal. B has no subclasses in the list, so B is included. The result is [B].

Another case: three classes A, B, C, where B and C are subclasses of A, and D is a subclass of B. So classes = [A, B, C, D]. Then:

- A has B and D (wait, no D is subclass of B, which is a subclass of A. So D is a subclass of A as well. So A is not minimal. 

B has D as a subclass, so B is not minimal. C has no subclasses in the list except itself, so C is minimal. D has no subclasses in the list, so D is minimal. So the minimal bases would be [C, D].

The code should correctly capture that.

Hmm, yes, I think this should work.
