Okay, I need to write the Python function generate_default_observer_schema based on the given docstring. Let's see. The function takes an app as an argument. The goal is to generate the default observer schema for each Kubernetes resource in the app's spec.manifest, but only for those that don't have a custom observer schema already specified.

Hmm, first, I should figure out how to access the resources in spec.manifest. The app is probably an instance of some class that has a spec attribute with a manifest. Maybe the app has app.spec.manifest, which is a list of Kubernetes resources.

Next, for each resource in that list, I need to check if it already has an observer schema defined. If not, create a default one. The default schema probably includes things like tracking the resource's status or certain conditions. 

Wait, how do I check if a custom observer schema exists? Maybe each resource has an 'observer' field or something similar. Or perhaps there's a separate structure in the app's spec that defines observer schemas for specific resources. Like, maybe the app has a spec.observers field where custom schemas are stored, and if a resource isn't in there, we generate the default.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a framework where the app's spec includes both the manifest and the observer configurations. So for each resource in the manifest, we look up if there's a custom observer schema for that resource's kind or name, and if not, apply the default.

The default schema might be something like using the Kubernetes API server's status, so the observer would track the resource's existence and status. Maybe the default is to use the "Kubernetes" observer with some standard settings.

I need to loop through each resource in app.spec.manifest. For each resource, check if it's present in the existing observer configurations. If not, add a default entry. The exact structure of the observer schema would depend on the framework's requirements. Since the problem statement doesn't specify, I might have to make reasonable assumptions.

Assuming that the default schema for a resource would be something like:

{
  "apiVersion": resource.apiVersion,
  "kind": resource.kind,
  "metadata": {
    "name": resource.metadata.name
  },
  "observer": "Kubernetes",
  "predicates": [
    {"jsonPath": ".status.phase", "operator": "Equals", "value": "Running"}
  ]
}

Or maybe the default is simpler. The exact structure might vary, but the key is to generate a default when none exists.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return a dictionary mapping resource names or kinds to their observer schemas, but only for those without existing entries. 

Wait, the function's return type isn't specified, but the docstring says "generate the default...", so perhaps it returns the generated schema or modifies the app's structure. But given that it's a function named generate_default_observer_schema, likely it returns the schema for each resource that needs it.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a larger system where the default is automatically applied unless specified. The code might need to iterate over each resource in the manifest, check if an observer is already set, and if not, add the default.

But without more context, I have to make some assumptions. Let's proceed step by step.

First, get all resources from the app's spec.manifest. Let's say app.spec.manifest is a list of resource dicts. Then for each resource in that list:

Check if there's a custom observer schema. Maybe the app has a spec.observers field which is a dictionary where keys are resource names or kinds. So if the resource's name or kind is in app.spec.observers, then skip it. Otherwise, generate the default.

The default schema would need to be constructed. Let's assume the default is a standard observer setup. For example, using the 'Kubernetes' observer with certain defaults.

The function might need to return a dictionary of the generated schemas for resources without existing ones.

Alternatively, maybe the function constructs a schema for each resource and returns a combined schema.

Putting this into code:

def generate_default_observer_schema(app):
    default_schemas = {}
    for resource in app.spec.manifest:
        name = resource['metadata']['name']
        kind = resource['kind']
        # Check if there's a custom observer for this resource
        if name in app.spec.observers or kind in app.spec.observers:
            continue  # skip if custom exists
        # Generate default
        schema = {
            'apiVersion': resource['apiVersion'],
            'kind': kind,
            'metadata': {'name': name},
            'observer': 'Kubernetes',
            # default predicates or other settings
            'predicates': [{'jsonPath': ...}]  # some default conditions
        }
        default_schemas[name] = schema
    return default_schemas

Wait, but the exact structure of the observer schema isn't specified. The problem's docstring doesn't give details. Since it's a generated code, maybe the default is an empty schema or a minimal one. Alternatively, perhaps the default is just setting the observer type to 'Kubernetes' and tracking existence.

Alternatively, maybe the default is to use the resource's existence as observed by the Kubernetes API. The exact structure might be framework-dependent, but since the problem doesn't specify, I need to make a plausible guess.

Another possibility: The function is part of an operator or similar, and the default observer schema is to track the resource's status. So each default entry would have the observer set to 'Kubernetes' and maybe some standard fields.

Alternatively, maybe the default schema is simply a structure that tells the system to observe the resource's existence and basic status. The code could be structured as above, but perhaps the exact keys and values depend on the framework's requirements.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to return a list of schemas, one per resource without a custom schema. Or a dictionary mapping resource names to their schemas.

Another consideration: The resources in the manifest might have a 'metadata' field with a 'name', and each resource has a 'kind'.

Assuming that app.spec.observers is a dictionary where the keys are the resource names or kinds, and the values are the custom schemas. So for each resource in the manifest, check if the name or kind is in the observers. If not, create a default schema for it.

The code might look like:

def generate_default_observer_schema(app):
    schemas = {}
    for resource in app.spec.manifest:
        name = resource['metadata']['name']
        kind = resource['kind']
        if name in app.spec.observers or kind in app.spec.observers:
            continue
        # Generate default
        schema = {
            'apiVersion': resource['apiVersion'],
            'kind': kind,
            'metadata': {'name': name},
            'observer': 'Kubernetes',
        }
        schemas[name] = schema
    return schemas

But maybe the 'observer' field is part of a higher structure, or perhaps the schema includes other keys. Since the problem statement is vague, this is a reasonable approach.

Alternatively, perhaps the default schema is a dictionary with 'observer' set to 'Kubernetes' and some other defaults. The exact content might not matter as long as the structure is correct.

Another point: The function's return type isn't specified, but the docstring says it's generating the schema. So returning a dictionary of the generated schemas for the resources without existing ones makes sense.

I think that's the best approach given the information. Now, writing the code accordingly. Also, need to make sure that any exceptions, like missing 'metadata' or 'kind' in the resource, are handled? Probably not, as per the problem statement's requirements, since it's about generating the code based on the given info without extra error checking.

So the code would loop through each resource in app.spec.manifest, check if it's in the observers, and build the default schema if not.
