Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_run_el that checks if the object's class has a run method. Let's see. The function takes an object 'obj' as an argument. The docstring says to check whether the obj class has the run method. 

Hmm, how do I check if a class has a particular method? Oh right, maybe using the hasattr function. Wait, but does hasattr look for it in the instance or the class? Because some methods might be defined in the class but not in the instance. Wait, the question says "the obj class has the run method". So I think it's about checking if the class (not the instance) has that method. 

Alternatively, maybe the function should check if the object itself has the method, either as an instance method or via its class. Because sometimes, even if the class has a method, the instance might have it as well. But the wording here is about the class having the method, so perhaps the correct approach is to check the class of the object. 

Wait, but in Python, when you check hasattr(obj, 'run'), it checks the instance's attributes, including its class's methods. But maybe the question wants to specifically check the class, not the instance. Like, even if the instance doesn't have it, but the class does, then it should return True. 

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check if the object has a run method, regardless of where it's defined. Let me read the docstring again. It says "the obj class has the run method". So the class of the object must have the method. 

So perhaps the way to do that is to get the class of the object first, then check if that class has the 'run' attribute. Like, using hasattr(obj.__class__, 'run'). 

Alternatively, maybe using the 'hasattr' function on the class directly. Wait, but the class's attributes include methods. So for example, if the class defines a run method, then obj.__class__.__dict__ would have 'run' in it. 

But using hasattr on the class should work. Let's think of an example: 

Suppose class A has a run method. Then, an instance a of A would have a.run. So, hasattr(A, 'run') would return True. 

Another case: if the instance has an attribute run set, but the class doesn't, then checking the class would return False. 

So the function should return whether the class of the object has the 'run' method. 

Therefore, the code would be something like:

def is_run_el(obj):
    return hasattr(obj.__class__, 'run')

Wait, but maybe the method is defined in a parent class. Because classes can inherit methods. So if the class of obj is a subclass, then checking the class's attributes might not include inherited methods. Wait, the hasattr function does check the inheritance chain, right? 

Yes, because hasattr() uses the standard attribute access mechanism, which includes looking up in the base classes. So for example, if the class of obj doesn't have run but a parent does, hasattr(obj.__class__, 'run') would still return True. 

So that's exactly what we need here. The function should return True if the class (including its base classes) has a run method. 

Therefore, the correct code is to use hasattr on the class of the object. 

Alternatively, another approach could be to check if 'run' is in dir(obj.__class__), but that might include other things like descriptors. But hasattr is probably better here. 

Wait, the function's name is is_run_el, which might be a typo and should be is_run_el? Maybe the intended name is is_run_ell? Not sure, but the user provided the function signature as is_run_el, so we'll stick with that. 

So putting it all together, the code is straightforward. The function returns the result of hasattr(obj's class, 'run'). 

I think that's it. Let me write that.
