Okay, I need to write a Python function called difference that takes two dictionaries, d1 and d2, and an optional level parameter which defaults to -1. The function should return a new dictionary containing the key-value pairs from d1 that are not present in d2. But wait, there's also this level parameter. Oh right, maybe the level refers to the depth of comparison? Like, if level is a positive integer, we might need to compare nested dictionaries up to that level. Hmm, the problem statement says "items from d1 not contained in d2". The docstring doesn't mention anything about nested structures, so maybe the level is for how deep to check? Or perhaps the level is to limit the recursion depth when comparing nested dictionaries.

Wait, the function's docstring says "Return a dictionary with items from d1 not contained in d2." So the straightforward case is when the dictionaries are not nested. But if they have nested dictionaries, maybe the function needs to compare those as well, but only up to a certain level. The default level is -1, which might mean compare all levels or maybe just the top level.

Let me think. Let's start with the basic case. The function should return all keys in d1 that are not in d2, along with their values. But if the values are themselves dictionaries, maybe we need to check deeper? For example, if two keys exist in both d1 and d2, but their sub-dictionaries differ, then perhaps those sub-keys should be included if the level allows it.

Wait, perhaps the level parameter controls how deeply nested the comparison goes. For instance, if level is 0, then we just compare the top-level keys. If level is 1, then we check the next level, etc. The default of -1 might mean compare all levels, so recursively check all nested structures.

Hmm, the problem is a bit ambiguous. Let me re-read the problem statement. The user says "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring." The docstring says "Return a dictionary with items from d1 not contained in d2." So the function needs to find all key-value pairs in d1 that are not present in d2. But for nested dictionaries, how do we handle that?

Wait, maybe the function is supposed to do a deep comparison. For example, if d1 has a key 'a' with a value of another dictionary, and d2 also has 'a', but the sub-dicts are different, then the key 'a' should be included in the result. So the function needs to recursively check the values when they are dictionaries.

The level parameter might control how deep to go. For example, level=-1 means go all the way. If level is 0, then only check the top level. So the function would need to handle nested dictionaries up to the specified level.

Hmm, okay, let's think of the steps. The function difference(d1, d2, level=-1):

First, create a result dictionary.

Then, iterate over each key in d1. For each key, check if it's in d2. If it's not, then add it to the result with the value from d1.

But if the key is present in both d1 and d2, then we need to check the values. If the value is a non-dictionary type (like int, str, etc.), then we check if the values are equal. If they are different, then include the key in the result. Wait, but the docstring says "items from d1 not contained in d2". So maybe for a key present in both, we only include it in the result if the value in d1 is different from the value in d2? Or wait, perhaps the function is supposed to return keys from d1 where the entire entry (including nested values) is not present in d2. So it's a deep difference.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return keys in d1 that are not in d2, regardless of their values, but for nested dictionaries, maybe it's more involved.

Hmm, the problem's docstring is a bit ambiguous here. Let me see. The function's description says "items from d1 not contained in d2". The term "contained" could mean that the key is present and the value is equal. So for each key in d1, if the key is not in d2, then include it. If the key is in d2, but the value is different, then also include it? Wait no, because "not contained" might mean that the entire key-value pair isn't present in d2. So if the key is present but the value is different, then the pair is not contained, so it should be included.

Wait, but then the function would have to compare the values. For non-dictionary values, that's straightforward. For dictionaries, comparing the entire sub-structure.

So the problem is to compute a deep difference between the two dictionaries, returning all keys in d1 where either the key is not in d2, or the value differs (recursively). The level parameter probably controls the depth of this comparison. For example, if level is 1, then we compare the top level, and for nested dictionaries, just check if they exist, but not their contents. Wait, maybe level is the maximum depth to compare. For example, level 0 means compare only the top level. Level 1 means compare the first level of nesting, etc. The default of -1 would mean compare all levels.

Hmm, this is getting a bit complex. Let's think of how to structure the code.

First, the base case: when level is 0, we do a shallow comparison. So for each key in d1, check if it's not in d2, or the value (non-dictionary) is different. Wait, but if the value is a dictionary, then in a shallow comparison, we don't look into the sub-dictionary. So, in that case, if the key is present in both, and the values are both dictionaries, then they are considered equal at the top level, so the key would not be included in the result. But if the value in d1 is a dictionary and in d2 it's not, then the key would be included.

Alternatively, maybe for the shallow case (level=0), we only check if the keys are present, not the values. Wait, the problem's docstring says "items from d1 not contained in d2". So an "item" here is a key-value pair. So, if the key exists in d2 but the value is different, then the item (key-value) is not contained, so it should be included in the result.

So for the shallow case (level=0), the function would compare the top-level values. If the value is a dictionary, then comparing the entire sub-dictionary is beyond the current level, so maybe for level=0, we just compare the top-level values as is. So if the value is a dict, then in a shallow comparison, two dicts are considered equal only if they are the same object (which is probably not the case here). So perhaps, in the shallow comparison, the function would treat two dictionaries as different if their values are different even if they are both dicts. But that's tricky.

Hmm, perhaps the level parameter is the recursion depth. Let's think recursively. The function could be implemented with a helper function that takes the current level and the remaining allowed depth. For example, when level is -1, we can go as deep as possible. When level is 0, we only compare the current level (so no recursion into sub-dicts). When level is 1, we go one level deeper, etc.

So here's a possible approach:

The function difference(d1, d2, level=-1) will:

- Iterate over each key in d1.

- For each key:

   - If the key is not in d2: add to the result.

   - Else:

      - If the value in d1 is a dictionary and the value in d2 is also a dictionary, and the current level is greater than 0 (or equal to, depending on how we count):

         - Then recursively call difference on the sub-dicts, decreasing the level by 1. If the recursive call returns a non-empty dict, then include this key in the result with the returned sub-dict.

      - Else:

         - Compare the values. If they are different, add the key to the result.

Wait, but how to handle this? Let me think in code terms.

Wait, let's first handle the base case where level is 0 or less. Because if level is 0, we can't go deeper. So:

def difference(d1, d2, level=-1):

    result = {}

    for key in d1:

        if key not in d2:

            result[key] = d1[key]

        else:

            v1 = d1[key]

            v2 = d2[key]

            if isinstance(v1, dict) and isinstance(v2, dict):

                if level == 0:

                    # at level 0, we can't compare deeper, so treat the dicts as equal?

                    # then, since the key is present in both, and their types are both dict, but we can't check deeper, so the key is not added.

                    continue

                else:

                    # proceed to check deeper, but decrease the level

                    # so call difference with level-1, but only if level is not 0.

                    # Wait, but how do we decide whether to include the key here?

                    # Let's say, we check if the sub-dicts are different. So, if the difference between v1 and v2 (at level-1) is non-empty, then we need to include this key in the result with the sub-difference.

                    # So:

                    sub_diff = difference(v1, v2, level - 1)

                    if sub_diff:

                        result[key] = sub_diff

            else:

                # non-dictionary values: compare directly

                if v1 != v2:

                    result[key] = v1

    return result

Wait, but what about when the level is -1? Because when level is -1, we start with that, then in the first call, when we call difference again, level becomes -2, but that would never reach zero. Hmm, maybe the level is handled differently. Let's see:

Wait, perhaps the level parameter specifies the maximum depth to compare. So, for example, if level is 1, then we compare the first level (the top level), and the next level (depth 1). So perhaps the initial level is the maximum allowed, and each recursive call decrements it. So when level is set to a positive number, like 2, then we can go two levels deep.

Wait, perhaps the initial level is the maximum allowed depth. So, for example, when level is 0, we can't go deeper. When level is 1, we can go one level deeper, etc. So in the code above, when we call difference recursively, we pass level-1. So for example, if the initial level is 2, then the first call would have level 2, and in the next call, level 1, then 0, then stop.

Wait, but in the code above, when level is -1, that would mean that we can go as deep as possible, since level would never hit zero. Wait, maybe the code should check if level is 0, but in the case of level=-1, then the check for level ==0 would be false, so it can proceed.

Hmm, perhaps the initial code is okay, but let me test some scenarios.

Test case 1: Shallow difference.

d1 = {'a': 1, 'b': 2}

d2 = {'a': 1, 'c':3}

The result should be {'b':2} because 'b' is in d1 but not in d2. That works.

Test case 2: same key but different value.

d1 = {'a': 1}, d2 = {'a':2}

The difference should be {'a':1} because the values are different. So in code, since the values are not dicts, the else clause compares them and adds to result.

Test case 3: nested dictionaries.

d1 = {'a': {'x':1}}, d2 = {'a': {'x':2}}

If level is -1, then the difference would be {'a': {'x':1}}, since the sub-dicts are different.

In code:

The key 'a' is present in both. v1 and v2 are dicts. Since level is -1 (initial call), the code would go into the 'else' (since level !=0). Then call difference(v1, v2, level-1 = -2). In that recursive call, the same logic applies. The key 'x' in v1's sub-dict is compared to v2's sub-dict. The sub_diff would be {'x':1} because the values are different. So the recursive call returns a non-empty dict, so the parent call adds 'a' with that sub-diff.

Thus, the code works here.

Another test case where level is 0:

Same d1 and d2 as above, but with level=0.

In the initial call, level is 0. So for the key 'a', since both values are dicts, the code checks if level ==0 (yes). So it skips adding the key. So the result would be empty? Because the key 'a' is present in both, but their values are dicts. Since we can't go deeper (level 0), the code treats them as equal? Because they are both dicts, but the actual content may differ. So in that case, the function would not include 'a' in the result, even though their sub-dicts differ. Because at level 0, we don't check deeper.

Wait, but in that case, the code would not include 'a' in the result. So the difference would be empty, but in reality, the sub-dicts are different. But with level 0, the function is only comparing the top level. Since the keys are present and their types are both dict, so the top level comparison would see that the keys are present and their values are both dicts, so they are considered "contained" in d2? So the function would not include them. So that's correct according to the level.

Another test case where the values are different non-dicts.

d1 has 'a':1, d2 has 'a':2, level=0. Then since they are non-dicts, the code would compare v1 and v2 (1 vs 2), so they are different, so add 'a' to the result. So that's correct.

Hmm, so the code seems to handle these cases.

Now, what about a case where the sub-dictionary is present but has a different key?

Like:

d1 = {'a': {'x':1}}, d2 = {'a': {'y':2}}, level=-1.

Then the difference between the sub-dicts would be {'x':1}, since 'x' is in d1's sub but not in d2's. So the overall difference would include 'a' with that sub-dict. So the code would do that correctly.

Another case where the sub-dictionary has a key that is present but with a different value at deeper levels, but the level is limited.

For example:

d1 = {'a': {'b': {'c':1}}}, d2 = {'a': {'b': {'c':2}}}

If level is 1, then:

The first call (level=1) compares 'a's. Since both are dicts, we proceed to call difference on the sub-dicts with level 0 (1-1=0). In that recursive call (level=0), the 'b' keys are present in both sub-dicts. Their values are also dicts, but since level is now 0, we can't go deeper. So in the sub-difference, since 'b' is a dict in both, and level is 0, the code would not check deeper, so the sub-difference between the 'b's would be empty. Therefore, the main difference would not include 'a' because the sub-diff was empty. Wait, but the actual values of 'c' are different. But with level 1, we can't go beyond that. So in that case, the difference would be empty, because the top level (level 1) comparison of 'a' would check their sub-dicts (level 0), but since the sub-dicts are both dicts, and the level is 0 in the next call, they are considered equal. Therefore, the function returns nothing. But if the level was 2, then we could go deeper.

Hmm, so the level is controlling how deep to go. The initial level is the maximum depth allowed. So each recursive step decreases the level by 1. So starting at level N allows N levels of recursion.

Wait, perhaps the level is the maximum depth. So when you call difference with level = 1, it means that you can compare up to 1 level of nesting. So for a key that's a dictionary, you can compare its immediate children (depth 1), but not deeper.

Hmm, the code's approach seems to handle this correctly.

Now, let's think about edge cases.

What if a key in d1 has a value that's a dictionary, but the corresponding key in d2 has a non-dictionary value? Like:

d1 = {'a': {'x':1}}, d2 = {'a': 2}

Then, the else clause (since v1 is a dict and v2 is not) would fall into the non-dictionary comparison. Since v1 is a dict and v2 is an int, they are different, so the key 'a' would be added to the result with the value from d1 (the dict). That's correct.

Another case: a key in d1 has a non-dict value, but the same key in d2 has a dict. Then, since the values are not equal, the key is added to the result.

Another case: the level is set to 0, but the value is a list or some other structure. The code only checks if it's a dict, so non-dicts are compared directly. So that's okay.

What about if a key in d1 has a value that is a dict, but in d2, that key's value is not a dict. Then, the code would compare them as not equal, so the key is added.

Now, the code as written would work, but I need to make sure that the recursion is properly handled.

Wait, in the code, when we call difference(v1, v2, level-1), the level is being decremented. So if the initial level is -1, then each recursive call subtracts 1, leading to -2, -3, etc. But since the check is level ==0, which is never true, the code will continue to recurse until it can't. So that's okay. For example, if the dictionaries are deeply nested, the code will keep going until it hits non-dictionary values.

Wait, let's see:

Suppose we have a chain of dictionaries: d1 = {'a': {'b': {'c': 1}}} and d2 is {'a': {'b': {'c':2}}}. With level=-1:

The first call (level=-1) compares 'a's, which are dicts. So call difference on their sub-dicts with level -2.

In that call, again, the keys 'b' are dicts. So call difference again with level-3, etc. This continues until the innermost dicts, which have the 'c' keys. At the innermost call, when the values are 1 and 2 (non-dicts), so they are compared directly. The difference would be {'c':1}, which propagates back up.

So the code works correctly.

Another edge case: what if a key's value is a dictionary but the other has a different structure? Like d1 has 'a' as a dict, but d2 has 'a' as a list. Then, since the types are different, the values are not equal, so the key is added to the result.

The code's current approach only checks if both are dicts. So if one is a dict and the other is a list, then the else clause is triggered, and since the values are different, the key is added. That's correct.

Now, let's think about the base case when level is 0. Let's say:

d1 has 'a' as a dict, and d2 also has 'a' as a dict. Then, since level is 0, the code skips further checking, so the key 'a' is not added to the result even if the sub-dicts differ. That's correct because the level restricts the depth.

So the code seems to handle all these cases.

Now, putting this into code. The code structure would look like:

def difference(d1, d2, level=-1):
    result = {}
    for key in d1:
        if key not in d2:
            result[key] = d1[key]
        else:
            v1 = d1[key]
            v2 = d2[key]
            if isinstance(v1, dict) and isinstance(v2, dict):
                if level == 0:
                    continue  # can't go deeper, so treat as equal
                else:
                    # recursively check with level-1
                    sub_diff = difference(v1, v2, level - 1)
                    if sub_diff:
                        result[key] = sub_diff
            else:
                if v1 != v2:
                    result[key] = v1
    return result

Wait, but what if one of the values is a dict and the other is not? For example, v1 is a dict, v2 is a list. Then, the 'if' condition would not be true (since v2 is not a dict), so it would fall into the else clause. Then, comparing v1 (a dict) and v2 (a list), they are not equal, so the key is added to the result with the value from d1. That's correct.

Another case: v1 is a dict, v2 is a string. So the 'if' condition is false, so comparing them as unequal, so the key is added. Correct.

Another thing to note: the code only processes keys present in d1. So even if d2 has keys not in d1, they are ignored, which is correct per the function's description.

Wait, but what about if the value is a different type of collection, like a list? The code treats it as non-dictionary, so compares directly. That's okay.

Now, let's test a case where level is 1 and the nested structure is deeper.

Suppose:

d1 = {'a': {'b': {'c': 1}}}
d2 = {'a': {'b': {'c': 2}}}

Calling difference(d1, d2, level=1):

The first level (level=1) for key 'a' (both are dicts). So call difference on the sub-dicts with level 0.

In that call (level=0), comparing 'b' which are also dicts. But since level is 0, we can't go deeper. So the sub-diff between the 'b's would be empty (since their values are both dicts but we can't check deeper). Therefore, the sub_diff for 'a' is empty? Wait no.

Wait, let's walk through:

First call (level=1):

Processing key 'a':

v1 and v2 are both dicts. Since level is 1 (not 0), we proceed to call difference(v1, v2, 0).

In the second call (level=0):

Processing key 'b' in v1:

v1_b is a dict, v2_b is also a dict. Since level is 0, we check if level ==0 (yes), so we continue (skip deeper checks). Therefore, the sub_diff for 'b' would be empty, because the key 'b' is present in both, and their values are both dicts, but we can't check deeper. So the sub-diff for 'b' is empty. Therefore, the difference between the 'a's (the first sub call) would have no keys, so the sub_diff is empty. Therefore, in the first call, since the sub_diff is empty, the key 'a' is not added to the result.

Therefore, the overall result is empty. But the actual difference is in the 'c' keys, but since the level is 1, which allows checking the first level (the 'a's), but the next level (the 'b's) is at level 0 which can't go deeper. So the function doesn't capture the difference. That's correct based on the level parameter.

So if the user wanted to capture that difference, they would need to set level=2.

Hmm, okay, the code works as intended.

Now, let's code this. The function must be written exactly as per the problem's function signature and docstring. The code I have in mind should do the job.

Wait, but what about when the level is a positive number but not enough? The code handles it as discussed.

Another possible edge case: when a key in d1 is present in d2, but the sub-difference is empty. So the key is not added to the result. Correct.

Another case: when a key's value in d1 is a dict, but in d2 it's a different dict but with the same keys and values. Then the difference between the sub-dicts would be empty, so the key is not added to the result.

Thus, the code seems correct.

Now, I'll write the code accordingly.
