Okay, I need to write a Python function called default_tzinfo that takes a datetime object dt and a tzinfo object. The goal is to set the tzinfo on dt only if it's a naive datetime. If dt already has a timezone, we leave it as is. 

First, I should check if the datetime is naive. How do I do that? Oh right, a datetime is naive if its tzinfo is None. So I can check if dt.tzinfo is None. 

If it is, then I need to replace the tzinfo with the provided tzinfo. The replace method on datetime allows changing the timezone. So I can return dt.replace(tzinfo=tzinfo). 

But wait, what if the dt is aware? Then I just return it as is. 

Wait, the function's return type is supposed to be an aware datetime. So if the input dt is naive, after adding the tzinfo, it becomes aware. If it was already aware, we just return it. So the function ensures that the returned datetime is always aware. 

So putting it all together: the function checks if dt is naive. If yes, replace the tzinfo. Else, return the original. 

Now, the parameters are dt and tzinfo. The docstring says tzinfo is a subclass instance of datetime.tzinfo. So we don't have to validate that here. 

So the code structure would be something like:

def default_tzinfo(dt, tzinfo):
    if dt.tzinfo is None:
        return dt.replace(tzinfo=tzinfo)
    else:
        return dt

Wait, but in the doctest examples, when they parse '2014-01-01 12:30 UTC', that datetime already has a UTC tz, so the function leaves it. The second example without UTC uses the default tz, which is EST (-5 hours). So the code seems to fit.

Hmm, but does the replace method work correctly here? The datetime.replace() method returns a new datetime with the specified changes. So yes, replacing the tzinfo should work.

Wait, but in Python's datetime module, the naive datetime's replace method can set the tzinfo. For example, if dt is naive, then dt.replace(tzinfo=some_tz) will make it aware. That's correct.

So the code should be straightforward. Just check if the tzinfo is None, then replace, else return the original.

I think that's all. Let me write the code as per the function signature and docstring.
