Okay, so I need to write a Python function called tzname_in_python2 that takes a namefunc as an argument. The goal is to change the output from unicode to bytestrings in Python 2. Hmm, right, in Python 2, strings are bytes by default, but unicode strings exist as well. So if the namefunc returns a unicode string, we need to convert it to a byte string. But how?

Wait, the function is a decorator, right? Because it's taking a function as an argument. So the decorator will wrap the original function and modify its return value. So the idea is, when the decorated function is called, it checks if the return value is a unicode string. If it is, convert it to a byte string using some encoding, probably UTF-8. But maybe the default encoding?

Alternatively, in Python 2, the unicode object has an encode method. So if the original function returns a unicode string, we can encode it. But we have to be careful about the case where it's already a byte string. So the decorator should check the type of the result. So the steps are: call the original function, get its result. If the result is a unicode instance, encode it to bytes. Otherwise, leave it as is. Then return that.

Wait, but what encoding to use? The problem statement doesn't specify, so maybe assume UTF-8? Or perhaps the default encoding for the system? Hmm, maybe the standard approach here is to use 'utf-8' or maybe 'latin-1'? Or perhaps the 'ascii' codec? Wait, maybe in the context of timezone names, they might be using ASCII. But I'm not sure. The problem says to change unicode into bytestrings, so perhaps just encode with 'utf-8'?

Alternatively, maybe in Python 2, the 'str' type is bytes, and 'unicode' is the other. So the function should return a str type. So the code would be something like:

def tzname_in_python2(namefunc):
    def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
        result = namefunc(*args, **kwargs)
        if isinstance(result, unicode):
            return result.encode('utf-8')
        return result
    return wrapper

Wait, but in Python 2, you have to import unicode from __future__ or something? No, in Python 2, the type unicode exists. So the code should work. But wait, the function is a decorator, so the wrapper has to handle all cases.

Wait, but maybe the original function could return multiple values or None? But the problem specifically mentions the output is unicode, so perhaps it's safe to assume that the return value is a single string, either unicode or bytes. So the code above should work. But maybe the encoding is different. Let me think again.

Alternatively, maybe the correct approach is to use the 'ascii' encoding, since timezone names are often in ASCII. But the problem doesn't specify, so perhaps the correct way is to encode using 'utf-8'. Alternatively, maybe the 'latin-1' encoding, but that's not reliable. Well, the problem says to change unicode into bytestrings, so the code should encode using some encoding. The user probably expects the standard approach here.

Alternatively, maybe in the context of Python 2's timezone handling, the correct encoding is 'utf-8'? Or maybe the default encoding? Hmm, perhaps the code should use 'utf-8' as the encoding.

Wait, but in Python 2, if you have a unicode string and you encode it with 'utf-8', that would produce a byte string. So the code above would work. So the decorator wraps the function, checks the return type, and encodes if needed.

Wait, but in Python 2, the 'unicode' type is built-in, so no need to import. So the code should be okay. Let me write that.

Wait, the function's name is tzname_in_python2, but the decorator's name would be the returned function. So the code structure is as I wrote before. So the final code would be the decorator function as above. Let me check again.

Yes, that's the plan. So the code is as follows.
