Okay, I need to write the _validate_labels function based on the given docstring. The doc says to check that keys and values in the labels are validated using validate_key() and validate_value(). 

First, I should figure out what the parameters are. The function takes 'labels', which is presumably a dictionary. So the function will iterate over each key-value pair in this dictionary.

Wait, but where are validate_key and validate_value defined? Since they're mentioned in the docstring, I assume they are existing functions that take a key or value and maybe raise an error if they're invalid. So for each key in labels, I need to call validate_key(key), and for each value, call validate_value(value). 

So the steps would be:

1. Iterate over each key, value pair in labels.items().
2. For each key, run validate_key(key). If that raises an error, then the key is invalid.
3. For each value, run validate_value(value). Similarly, if that fails, the value is invalid.
4. The function should check all of them, so if any key or value is invalid, an exception should be raised. But how do these validation functions handle errors? Probably by raising a ValueError or similar. So the _validate_labels function just needs to loop through each item and apply the validations. If any of them throw an error, that will propagate up, which is correct.

Wait, but the function's responsibility is to check all keys and values. So maybe we need to check each key first, then each value? Or do we process each pair one by one?

Probably, the function should process each key and value in the pairs. So for each (k, v) in labels.items():

    validate_key(k)
    validate_value(v)

If any of these calls raise an exception, the function stops and the error is thrown. That's probably acceptable. The doc doesn't specify whether to check all or fail on first, but typically such validation would fail as soon as an invalid item is found.

So the code structure would be:

def _validate_labels(labels):
    for k, v in labels.items():
        validate_key(k)
        validate_value(v)

But wait, I need to make sure that the functions validate_key and validate_value actually exist. Since the problem statement mentions using them, I can assume they are already defined in the same scope. So no need to implement those here.

Wait, but in the code, I just have to call those functions. So the code is straightforward. Let me think of edge cases. What if labels is None? The doc doesn't say, so perhaps the function expects labels to be a valid dictionary. So if labels is None, perhaps that's an error, but the function's responsibility is just to check keys and values, so maybe that's handled elsewhere.

Another point: the function's name starts with an underscore, which might indicate it's a helper function, perhaps part of a class. But the code here just needs to process the dictionary.

So putting it all together, the code is as above. But let me check the docstring again. The doc says "Check that keys and values in the given labels by validate_key() and validate_value()". Hmm, maybe the wording is a bit off, but the intention is clear: use those two functions to validate each key and each value.

Therefore the code should be as written. I'll write that.
