Okay, I need to generate Python code for the from_raw_values method based on the given function signature and docstring. Let's start by understanding what the method is supposed to do. The docstring says it creates a Bookmarks object from a list of raw bookmark string values. 

First, I should consider what a Bookmarks class might look like. Since the method is a class method (because it's using 'cls'), the return value should be an instance of the class. The input is a list of strings, each representing a raw bookmark. 

Assuming that each raw bookmark string needs to be parsed into a bookmark object, perhaps each line in the list is a separate bookmark. Maybe each bookmark has fields like title, URL, etc. But since the exact structure of the Bookmarks class isn't given, I have to make some assumptions.

The method is part of the Bookmarks class, so from_raw_values is probably a factory method. The code should process each string in the values list, create individual bookmark objects, and then collect them into the Bookmarks instance. 

Wait, but how does the Bookmarks class store the bookmarks? Maybe it has a list attribute, like 'bookmarks' which holds each individual bookmark. So the method would create a new instance of the class, process each raw value into a bookmark object, add them to the list, and return the instance.

But how to parse each raw string? Since the problem doesn't specify the format of the raw values, perhaps the simplest approach is to split each string into parts. For example, maybe each line is "title,url" format. But without more info, maybe the raw values are just stored as strings directly. Alternatively, perhaps each raw value is a single string that represents a bookmark's URL, and the Bookmarks class just collects them all. 

Alternatively, perhaps each raw bookmark is a line from a file, and each line has specific parts. Since the problem is vague, maybe the method just initializes the Bookmarks object with the list as is, or maybe each entry is converted into a dictionary or another structure. 

Hmm, since the user hasn't provided more details, maybe the simplest solution is to have the Bookmarks class have an attribute that holds the list of raw values. Then the method would just create an instance with that list. But that might be too simplistic. Alternatively, maybe each raw value is split into components. 

Alternatively, perhaps the Bookmarks class requires each bookmark to be an object, so the method parses each string into an object. But without knowing the structure, perhaps the code will just store the raw strings as entries. 

Wait, maybe the Bookmarks class has an __init__ method that takes a list of Bookmark objects. Then the from_raw_values method would process each string into a Bookmark instance. But how? For example, if each raw string is in the format "title,url", then split on comma. 

Since the problem doesn't specify the format, maybe the code just passes the values directly. Let me think of a possible implementation.

The method is a class method, so it's called on the class, like Bookmarks.from_raw_values(...). The code inside would probably loop through each value in the values list, create a bookmark object for each, then initialize the Bookmarks instance with those. 

Assuming that the Bookmark class is a separate class, perhaps each raw value is passed to the Bookmark constructor. So for each value in values, create a Bookmark(value) or something. Then the Bookmarks class holds a list of these. 

Alternatively, maybe the Bookmarks class's __init__ takes a list of such Bookmark objects. So the code would be something like:

@classmethod
def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    bookmarks = [Bookmark(v) for v in values]
    return cls(bookmarks)

But since the exact structure isn't known, perhaps the Bookmark class can take a string and parse it. 

Alternatively, maybe the Bookmarks class just stores the raw values as a list, so the method is simply:

return cls(values)

But then the docstring mentions creating from raw values, implying some processing. 

Hmm. Maybe the code is supposed to split each line into parts. Since I don't have specifics, perhaps the code will just return a new instance with the list stored as an attribute. 

Alternatively, perhaps the code will split each string into title and URL. For example, each entry is "Title | URL", so split on |. But without knowing, maybe the code just stores them as is. 

Well, given that the user hasn't provided more details, I'll have to go with the simplest approach. Let's assume that the Bookmarks class has an __init__ that takes a list of bookmarks, and each bookmark is just the raw string. Then the method would be:

@classmethod
def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    return cls(values)

But maybe the Bookmarks class expects each entry to be processed. Alternatively, perhaps the code is supposed to split each line into parts. 

Alternatively, perhaps the code is supposed to split each raw string into components, but without knowing, perhaps the answer is to just return an instance with the list. 

Alternatively, perhaps the raw values are each lines in a certain format, like a CSV, but again, without specifics, I'll proceed with the minimal code. 

Wait, maybe the Bookmark class has a from_string method. Then:

bookmarks = [Bookmark.from_string(v) for v in values]

But again, without knowing the structure, I can't be sure. 

Alternatively, perhaps the Bookmarks class just stores the raw values as a list, so the code is straightforward. 

The user's instruction says to generate the code based on the given signature and docstring, so I have to go with that. The docstring says "Create a Bookmarks object from a list of raw bookmark string values." So the method must take each string in values and convert them into the internal representation of the Bookmarks object. 

Assuming that the Bookmarks class has an __init__ method that takes a list of parsed bookmarks, then the code would process each string. Since the format isn't given, perhaps the code will split each string into parts. 

Alternatively, maybe each raw value is a full URL, so the code just stores them. 

Hmm, perhaps the code is supposed to create a list of Bookmark instances, each initialized with a raw string. 

Alternatively, perhaps the Bookmarks class's __init__ takes a list of the raw values, so the code is just return cls(values). 

Well, given the lack of specifics, I think the code should be as follows:

Probably, the method will create a new instance of the class, passing the list of values. So the code would be:

@classmethod
def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    return cls(values)

But maybe the Bookmarks class expects the values to be processed in some way. 

Alternatively, perhaps the code loops through each value and does some processing. For example, splitting into title and URL:

But since I can't know, perhaps the code is simply returning an instance with the values list. 

Alternatively, maybe each value is a line from a text file, so the code splits them into lines. But the input is already a list. 

Alternatively, the method is supposed to parse each string into a dictionary or another structure. 

Hmm. Since the problem is a bit vague, I'll proceed with the minimal code that uses the cls constructor with the values list. 

Wait, but the method's parameters are (cls, values), so the code is inside a class method. 

Thus, the code would be:

@classmethod
def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    return cls(values)

But maybe the Bookmarks class has an __init__ that takes the list, so that's all that's needed. 

Alternatively, perhaps the code loops through the values and does some processing. For example, stripping whitespace or splitting into components. But without knowing the exact structure, I can't do that. 

Alternatively, maybe the code is supposed to split each line into parts, but since I can't assume that, perhaps the answer is as above. 

I think that's the best I can do given the information.
