Okay, I need to generate Python code for the method 'values' based on the given docstring. Let's see. The function signature is def values(self, *keys): and the doc says it returns the key filtered by self.index as a list. 

Hmm, first, since it's a method, 'self' refers to an instance of a class. The *keys suggests that the method can take multiple arguments, which are the keys to filter. The key part is using self.index to filter these keys. 

Wait, how is self.index used here? Maybe self.index is a list of indices or a set of keys that we need to use to filter the input keys. Like, for each key in *keys, we check if it's in self.index, and collect those that are present? Or maybe self.index is a dictionary, and we get the values corresponding to those keys?

Alternatively, perhaps self.index is a list, and the method returns the values at those indices from some data structure. But the doc says "filtered by self.index", so maybe the keys are filtered to include only those present in self.index. 

Let me think again. The method is called values, and the return is a list. Suppose the class has some data, and self.index is a list of keys that are active or something. So when the user passes *keys, the method returns those keys that are in self.index. Wait, but the wording is "filtered by self.index". So maybe it's the intersection of the given keys and self.index. 

Alternatively, maybe the self.index is a list of indices, and the method is supposed to return the values at those indices from some underlying list or array. But the parameters are keys, which might be confusing. 

Alternatively, perhaps the class has a dictionary where keys are stored, and self.index is a list of the current keys to consider. So the method takes the input keys and returns those that are present in self.index. 

Wait, the docstring says "the key filtered by self.index". So maybe for each key in the *keys, if it's present in self.index, include it in the list. So the return list would be the subset of the input keys that are in self.index. 

So the code would be something like:

def values(self, *keys):
    return [k for k in keys if k in self.index]

Wait, but the parameters are *keys, which unpacks all the arguments into a tuple. So keys is a tuple of all the arguments passed. Then we loop through each key in that tuple, check if it's in self.index (assuming self.index is a set or list), and collect them into a list. 

Alternatively, maybe self.index is a list, and we can do a list comprehension. But if self.index is a list, checking 'in' would be O(n) for each key, but that's probably what the user wants. 

Alternatively, maybe the self.index is a dictionary, and the values are the corresponding values. But the doc says "filtered by self.index", so maybe it's the keys present in self.index. 

Hmm, the problem is a bit ambiguous, but given the docstring's brevity, the most straightforward approach is to return a list of the keys passed that are present in self.index. So the code would be as I thought: a list comprehension checking each key in keys is in self.index. 

Alternatively, maybe the method is supposed to return the values from some data structure using the keys in self.index. Like, if the class has a dictionary, then self.index are the keys to retrieve from that dict. But the parameters are *keys, which might complicate that. 

Wait the function's parameters are *keys, so maybe the method is supposed to take those keys, filter them using self.index, and return the corresponding values from some internal data. But without more info, the doc says "returns the key filtered by self.index in the form of a list". The wording is a bit unclear. 

The phrase "key filtered by self.index" might mean that the keys are filtered (i.e., selected) based on self.index. So the result is the list of keys that are in self.index. 

So the code is as I thought. Let me write that.
