Okay, I need to write a Python function called oneline that takes a script string and a separator (which defaults to " && ") and converts the script into one line using that separator. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the input script is a multiline string, right? So the function has to split the script into lines. But maybe some lines are just empty or have whitespace. Should I ignore those? The problem statement doesn't specify, but probably we just split on newlines and then join with the separator.

Wait, the task is to convert the entire script into one line by joining the lines with the separator. So the steps would be:

1. Split the input script into individual lines. Using splitlines() might be the best way since it handles different newline characters properly.
2. Then, join those lines with the given separator. But maybe some lines are empty? Like if there's a trailing newline, the last line might be empty. Should I filter those out?

Hmm, the problem says "convert a script to one line command", so perhaps each line of the script is a command, and they need to be joined with the separator. So, leading or trailing empty lines might be ignored? Or should all lines be included?

Let me check the example. Suppose the script is "echo hello\necho world", then the output would be "echo hello && echo world". That works. What if there's an empty line? Like "echo first\n\necho third". Then splitting into lines would give three elements, including the empty string. When joined with the separator, it would have a && followed by an empty line. But maybe that's intended.

Alternatively, maybe we should strip leading/trailing whitespace or newlines? The problem's docstring doesn't mention that, so perhaps just split into lines and join with the separator, even if some lines are empty.

So the code steps would be:

def oneline(script, separator=" && "):
    lines = script.splitlines()
    return separator.join(lines)

Wait, but maybe the script has leading or trailing newlines? Like if the script ends with a newline, splitlines might include an empty string at the end. But the user probably wants all lines, including empty ones. Let me test with some examples.

Suppose script is "line1\nline2\n", splitlines() returns ['line1', 'line2'], because splitlines without any arguments will split on all line breaks, and trailing newlines are not represented as an extra empty line. Wait, according to the Python docs, splitlines() when using the default (keepends=False) will split on all line breaks, and a trailing newline will result in an empty string. Let me check:

Testing in Python:

s = "a\nb\n"
s.splitlines()  # gives ['a', 'b']

s = "a\nb\nc\n"
s.splitlines()  # ['a', 'b', 'c']

Hmm, so trailing newlines don't add an empty line. So perhaps just splitting and joining is sufficient.

Therefore the code would be as simple as splitting the script into lines and joining with the separator.

Wait, but what if the script is an empty string? Then splitlines would return an empty list, and joining would return an empty string. That's probably okay.

So the code is straightforward. Let me write it.

The function's parameters are script (a string) and separator. The return is the joined string.

So the code:

def oneline(script, seperator=" && "):
    return seperator.join(script.splitlines())

Wait, but the parameter is spelled "seperator" with two 'e's? Oh right, the function signature has 'seperator' as the parameter name. Oh, that's a typo in the function definition. The user wrote "seperator" instead of "separator". So in the code, I have to use the parameter name as given. So in the function definition, the parameter is called seperator. So the code must use that variable.

Yes. So the code would be correct as written. Wait, let me check the function's parameters again. The user's function signature says def oneline(script, seperator=" && "):. So yes, the parameter is named 'seperator', which is a misspelling, but that's what the user wants.

Therefore the code is correct.
