Okay, I need to write a Python function called get_pattern that takes a pattern and a strip boolean. The goal is to convert the input into a regex pattern object. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function's docstring says that the pattern can be a string or already a regex object. So if it's already a regex object, maybe we can just return it as is. But how do I check that? Well, in Python, regex patterns are instances of re.Pattern, so I can check if the input is an instance of that. But I have to import re first.

Wait, the function's return is supposed to be a regex pattern object. So if the input is a string, we need to compile it into a regex. If it's already a regex, just return it. But what about the strip parameter? The description says whether to strip spaces from the start and end of the pattern string. Oh right, so if the input is a string, we should first strip the whitespace from the start and end if strip is True. Then compile that into a regex.

So the steps would be:

1. Check if the input pattern is already a compiled regex (re.Pattern instance). If yes, return it.
2. Else, assume it's a string. Then, if strip is True, strip the string. Then compile it into a regex using re.compile().
3. Return the resulting regex object.

Wait, but how do I handle cases where the pattern is not a string or a regex object? The function's args say pattern is a str or regex pattern object, so perhaps we should raise an error if it's neither? But the problem doesn't mention that. Maybe just proceed under the assumption that it's one of those, or perhaps the function can handle it by converting to a string? Hmm, the docstring says "str or regex pattern object" so perhaps if it's neither, we should raise a TypeError. But the problem doesn't specify error handling beyond that, so maybe just proceed.

So code steps:

Import re.

def get_pattern(pattern, strip=True):
    if isinstance(pattern, re.Pattern):
        return pattern
    elif isinstance(pattern, str):
        if strip:
            pattern = pattern.strip()
        return re.compile(pattern)
    else:
        raise TypeError("Pattern must be a string or compiled regex pattern")

Wait, but the problem's return says to return the regex object. So in the case when the input is a string, after stripping, compile it. But what about the flags? The function's parameters don't mention any flags, so just compile with default flags.

Wait, but the problem says "convert a string to a regex pattern object". So the function's main job is to handle the stripping and compilation. So that code should work. Let me think of edge cases.

If the input is a string with leading/trailing spaces and strip is True, then stripping would remove them. For example, if the pattern is "  abc  ", stripping would turn it into "abc", then compile that. If strip is False, then it's compiled as is.

What if the input is a regex pattern but with some flags? Like re.compile(r'\s+', re.IGNORECASE). The function would return it as is, which is correct.

Testing the code:

Case 1: input is a regex object. Return it.

Case 2: input is a string, strip=True. The string's whitespace stripped.

Case 3: input is a string, strip=False. Then, the string is used as is.

But what if the pattern is not a string or regex? Like an integer. Then the function would raise a TypeError. That's probably correct according to the docstring's Args.

So the code should include the import re, and handle those cases. So putting it all together:

Wait, in Python, the re module's Pattern type is the type of a compiled regex. So the code should check that.

Now, the function's code:

Wait, the function's parameters are pattern and strip. So:

import re

def get_pattern(pattern, strip=True):
    if isinstance(pattern, re.Pattern):
        return pattern
    if not isinstance(pattern, str):
        raise TypeError("Pattern must be a string or compiled regex pattern")
    if strip:
        pattern = pattern.strip()
    return re.compile(pattern)

Hmm, that's a bit more concise. The first check: if it's a Pattern, return. Then check if it's a string. If not, raise error. Then proceed to strip and compile.

Yes, that should work. Let me see: the order of checks. First, check if it's a Pattern. If not, check if it's a string. If not a string, throw error. Then process the string.

That should handle all the cases. So that's the code. I think that's the correct approach.
