Okay, I need to write the Python function get_repo_archive that downloads a .tar.gz file from a given URL and extracts it to a specified destination path. The function should return the destination path where the archive was extracted. Let me think about the steps required here.

First, I should import necessary modules. The function uses Path from the pathlib module, so I need to make sure that's imported. Also, for downloading the file, I'll probably use the requests library. Then, to handle the extraction, the tarfile module would be necessary. Oh right, and maybe os for checking directories?

Wait, the function's parameters are url as a string and destination_path as a Path object. The return type is also a Path. 

So the steps are: 

1. Download the .tar.gz file from the URL. 
   - Use requests.get to fetch the content. But maybe stream=True to handle large files? 
   - Save it temporarily, but since we need to extract immediately, maybe write to a temporary file? Or can we extract on the fly without saving? Hmm, perhaps better to download to a temporary file first. 

Wait, but maybe we can download directly to a bytes object and then process it. Alternatively, perhaps download the archive to a temporary file, then extract it to the destination path, and delete the temporary file afterwards. 

Alternatively, use the response content and pass it to tarfile to extract without saving to disk. That might be more efficient. Let me think. 

The requests.get would give me the content. So, for example:

response = requests.get(url, stream=True)
then, pass the raw content into tarfile.open(fileobj=response.raw, mode="r|gz") 

But then, where to extract to? The destination_path. So, the tarfile can be extracted directly into the destination directory. 

But I need to make sure the destination directory exists. So first, check if destination_path exists. If not, create it. 

Wait, the function's docstring says to extract the archive into destination_path. So the archive's contents would be placed there. 

So steps in code:

- Create the destination directory if it doesn't exist. 

- Download the archive using requests. 

- Extract the downloaded content into destination_path using tarfile. 

Wait, but how to handle the extraction without saving to a temporary file? Let's see:

Use requests.get with stream=True, then pass the raw data to tarfile. 

Wait, but maybe the URL could be a direct link to the .tar.gz. So the code would be something like:

import requests
import tarfile
from pathlib import Path

def get_repo_archive(url: str, destination_path: Path) -> Path:
    # Ensure destination directory exists
    destination_path.mkdir(parents=True, exist_ok=True)
    
    # Download the archive
    response = requests.get(url, stream=True)
    response.raise_for_status()  # Check for download errors
    
    # Extract the tar file
    with tarfile.open(fileobj=response.raw, mode="r|gz") as tar:
        tar.extractall(path=destination_path)
    
    return destination_path

Hmm, but is there any issue with this approach? Well, using stream=True allows to not read the whole file into memory, but the tarfile will read from the fileobj. However, the response.raw needs to be in binary mode, which might be handled by requests. 

Wait, in the code above, response.raw is a raw HTTP response, but tarfile needs to read from it. I think that's okay because when using "r|gz" mode, tarfile can read from a file-like object that's already gzipped. 

But I should also handle exceptions, like if the URL is invalid, or the archive can't be extracted. The function currently uses response.raise_for_status() which will raise an HTTPError for bad status codes. That's good. 

Another thing: the destination_path is where the archive is extracted to. The function returns that path. 

Wait, but what if the archive contains a top-level directory? The extracted files would go into destination_path. The docstring mentions that each package has a 'desc' file. So maybe the structure is such that each extracted archive has its own directory, but the function just extracts everything into destination_path. 

I think the code as written should work. Let me check possible edge cases. 

What if the destination_path is a file and not a directory? The initial mkdir would fail because exist_ok is for when the directory already exists. But since we are using mkdir with parents and exist_ok, if the destination is a file, it would raise an error. But according to the function's contract, the destination_path is a path to extract to, so it should be a directory. The caller is responsible for providing a valid path, but the function does create it if needed. 

Another thing: the function uses the 'gz' mode? Since the archive is .tar.gz, the tarfile should be in gzip mode. The mode "r|gz" is correct for reading a gzip-compressed tarball. 

I think that's correct. 

Wait, but the function's docstring says that the archive contains a 'desc' file for each package. Not sure if that affects the code, since the code just extracts all contents. 

So the code seems okay. Let me make sure all imports are present. The function uses Path, so from pathlib import Path. The parameters have url as a string. 

So the code should include the necessary imports. 

Wait, in the code I wrote earlier, the imports would be:

import requests
import tarfile
from pathlib import Path

But the function's definition is inside the code, so those need to be at the top. 

So the final code would have those imports. 

Wait, but the user's instruction says to output only the code generated, in Python markdown format. So the code should be enclosed in ```python ... ```.

Putting it all together, the code would be as follows.
