Okay, I need to write the Python function 'was_processed' based on the given docstring and signature. Let's start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. 

The function's purpose is to check if a file or directory has already been processed to prevent recursion. The steps mentioned are: expand the path to an absolute path, check if it's in the 'processed' set. If it is, report the issue and return True. Otherwise, add it to the set and return False. Also, there's a 'verbose' parameter that determines whether to print a message when a duplicate is found.

First, I should make sure to use the absolute path. So, I'll need to import os or pathlib. Wait, the function isn't importing anything yet. Oh right, the user didn't mention imports. The code must be self-contained. So, I should use os.path.abspath to get the absolute path of path_name. 

Wait, but maybe there's a case where symbolic links could cause issues. The problem mentions preventing recursion, so using the absolute path ensures that different paths pointing to the same location are treated as the same. So, converting to absolute is important here.

So the steps are:

1. Convert path_name to its absolute path. Using os.path.abspath(path_name). But also, maybe we need to normalize it? Because sometimes paths can have different representations (like with ./ or ..). The docstring says to expand to absolute, but perhaps that's sufficient. Let me check. The standard way to get the canonical path would be using os.path.realpath to resolve symlinks, but the problem says expand to absolute. Hmm, the problem's instruction says to expand to absolute path. So maybe just abspath is enough. Wait, the problem's first sentence says "expand the path name to an absolute path", so I should use os.path.abspath. Or maybe the problem expects to use the absolute normalized path? Well, the exact wording is "expand to an absolute path", so perhaps abspath is correct here. Let me proceed with that.

2. Check if this absolute path is in the 'processed' set. 

3. If it is present:
   - report the issue (if verbose is True, then print a message like "Already processed: ...")
   - return True.

4. If not present:
   - add the absolute path to the 'processed' set.
   - return False.

Now, parameters: the function is given 'processed' as a set. So the function will modify that set by adding the path when necessary. 

Wait, the function's parameters: the 'processed' is a set that's passed in. So each call to this function can add to it. So the steps are straightforward.

Edge cases: What if the path is a symbolic link? The problem's instruction says to expand to absolute path, but not necessarily to resolve symlinks. So using abspath would give the absolute version but not resolve links. Wait, os.path.abspath() does not resolve symlinks. For example, if /path/to/symlink is a link to /real/path, then abspath would return the same as the input if it's already absolute, but realpath would give the real path. 

Hmm, but the problem's first sentence says "to prevent recursion, expand the path name to an absolute path". The purpose here is to avoid processing the same directory or file multiple times, which could cause a loop. So perhaps using the absolute path is sufficient. Let's proceed with that.

So code steps:

First, get the absolute path of path_name. 

abs_path = os.path.abspath(path_name)

Then, check if abs_path is in processed.

if abs_path in processed:
    if verbose:
        print(f"Already processed: {abs_path}")
    return True
else:
    processed.add(abs_path)
    return False

Wait, but what about case where the path is a directory versus a file? The problem says "file or directory", but the check is just on the path. So the same logic applies regardless.

Now, do I need to check if the path exists? The problem's docstring doesn't mention that. The function is just checking if it's already in the set, not whether the path actually exists. So I don't need to check existence here.

So putting it all together. Also, need to import os. Wait, the user didn't mention including any imports, but the function uses os. So the code must include the import statement. Wait, the problem says to generate the code based on the signature and docstring, and to output only the code in Python. So the code must include the necessary import. Let me check: the function uses os.path.abspath, so I need to import os.

Wait, the code must be in a code block, so the user wants the code with the function and the necessary imports.

So the code would start with:

import os

def was_processed(processed, path_name, verbose):
    abs_path = os.path.abspath(path_name)
    if abs_path in processed:
        if verbose:
            print(f"Already processed: {abs_path}")
        return True
    processed.add(abs_path)
    return False

Wait, but in Python, the 'processed' parameter is a set, so adding with .add is correct. The function's parameters are correct. The return statements are as required.

Wait, the docstring says "report the issue and return True". The "report" is done via a print statement when verbose is True. So that's handled.

Testing this code: if the same path is passed again, it's in the set so returns True. Otherwise, adds and returns False. 

That should meet the requirements. Let me check the docstring again. The function is supposed to return True if it's already in the set. The code does that. 

I think that's it. The code seems straightforward. Let me make sure I didn't miss anything. Oh, the function's parameters are processed (the set), path_name (the path to check), and verbose (whether to print). The code uses those correctly. 

Yes, that should work.
