Okay, I need to write the Python function parser_flags that takes an argparse.ArgumentParser instance and returns all its argument flags as a space-separated string. Hmm, how do I extract the flags from the parser?

First, I remember that ArgumentParser has a method called _actions, which is a list of all the actions added. Each action contains information about the arguments, like their options. Wait, but maybe I should look into each action's option_strings attribute. Oh right, each argument added via add_argument will have an option_strings list that holds the flag names. Like for add_argument('--verbose'), the option_strings would be ['--verbose'].

So the plan is: iterate over all the actions in the parser's _actions list. For each action, check if it has option_strings. If it does, add all those strings to a list. Then, join all those strings with spaces. But wait, some actions might not be user-facing options, like the default help or other internal stuff. Do I need to filter those out?

The question says "argument flags", so probably include all the options added via add_argument. The _actions list includes all of them, including positional arguments? Wait, positional arguments don't have option strings. So their option_strings would be empty. So maybe I can just collect all the non-empty option strings.

Wait, for a positional argument, the action's option_strings is empty. So for each action in parser._actions:

if action.option_strings:
    add those to the list.

So, start with an empty list. Loop through each action in parser._actions. For each, check if action.option_strings is not empty. Then, collect all the strings in all those lists. Then, sort them? Or just in the order they were added?

The problem doesn't specify the order, so probably just collect in the order the actions were added. Then, join with spaces.

So putting it all together:

def parser_flags(parser):
    flags = []
    for action in parser._actions:
        if action.option_strings:
            flags.extend(action.option_strings)
    return ' '.join(flags)

Wait, but the parameter in the function is called 'parser' in the signature. The docstring says the argument is called 'script', but that's probably a mistake. The function definition says the parameter is parser, so the code uses that.

Wait, looking back: the function's parameter is named parser, so that's correct.

Wait the docstring says "Args: script: argparse.ArgumentParser instance" but the parameter is named parser. That might be a typo in the docstring. But the function's code uses the parameter name parser, so we proceed with that.

So the code should be as above. Let me test this in my mind. Suppose someone adds --verbose and -v as aliases, then the action's option_strings would be ['-v', '--verbose'], so those would be added. Positional arguments have no option strings, so they are skipped. The default help action (if added with -h --help) would be included. But the user probably wants all the flags, including the default ones.

Yes, so the code should work. Let me see if there's any edge cases. What about subparsers? But subparsers might have their own actions, but the code would collect their flags as well. Since the problem doesn't specify excluding anything, I think it's okay.

Therefore, the code should be as written above.
