Okay, I need to write the Python function force_string that takes an obj and returns the decoded string if it's a bytes type or numpy.bytes_, otherwise returns the obj. Let's start by understanding the problem.

First, the function should check if the input obj is either a bytes object or a numpy.bytes_. If it is, then decode it using 'utf-8'. Otherwise, return the original object. 

Wait, but how do I check for numpy.bytes_? Oh right, numpy has a bytes type which is different from Python's built-in bytes. So I need to import numpy and use numpy.void or maybe numpy.bytes_? Hmm, maybe the numpy bytes type is actually represented as numpy.void in some versions? Or perhaps I should check using isinstance(obj, (bytes, np.bytes_)). But I need to make sure to handle both cases.

Wait, the docstring mentions "numpy.bytes or bytes". Wait, maybe numpy has a bytes type called numpy.bytes_, so I need to import that. So first, I should import numpy, then check if the obj is an instance of bytes or numpy.bytes_. 

Wait, but numpy.bytes_ is a scalar type. So for example, if you have an array of numpy.bytes_, each element would be of that type. So the check would be:

if isinstance(obj, (bytes, np.bytes_)):

Yes. So the function would be:

import numpy as np

def force_string(obj):
    if isinstance(obj, (bytes, np.bytes_)):
        return obj.decode('utf-8')
    else:
        return obj

Wait, but wait the docstring says "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". Wait, no, that might be a mistake. Let me read again.

The Returns section says: "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". Wait, that's confusing. Wait, the function's purpose is to force decoding bytes into a string. So if obj is bytes or numpy.bytes_, decode into a string. Otherwise return as is. But the docstring's return description might have a typo. Let me check the docstring again.

The docstring says: "Force decoding obj with 'utf-8' if it is a numpy.bytes or bytes". So the function should return the decoded string when obj is bytes-like. The return statement's description says: returns the bytes object if it's a string? That seems contradictory. Wait, maybe the docstring is phrased incorrectly. Let me re-read:

Ah, the Returns section says: "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". That can't be right. Because if obj is a string, then you would encode it into bytes? But the function's purpose is the opposite. The function's first sentence says "Force decoding obj with 'utf-8' if it is a numpy.bytes or bytes". So the function should return a string if obj is bytes-like, else return obj. So perhaps the docstring has a mistake. Maybe the correct return is to return the decoded string when obj is bytes, else return obj. So perhaps the user made an error in the docstring's wording.

Assuming the function's purpose is to decode bytes into a string, then the code should do that. So the correct code would check if obj is bytes or numpy.bytes_, and return the decoded string. Otherwise, return the original object. So the code would be as I thought before.

Wait, but the function's name is 'force_string', which suggests converting to a string. So yes, that makes sense. So the code is as I wrote. But I need to make sure to import numpy. But since the function may be in a context where numpy is not available, but the user probably expects that. So the code should include the import. Wait, but the problem says to generate the code based on the signature and docstring, so maybe the function is supposed to have the import statement inside? Or is numpy expected to be imported beforehand?

The user's function signature doesn't include any imports, so the code must include the necessary imports. So in the code, I need to import numpy. So the code would start with:

import numpy as np

Then the function.

Putting it all together:

Wait, the problem says "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So probably enclose in triple backticks with python language specified. So the code would be:

```python
import numpy as np

def force_string(obj):
    if isinstance(obj, (bytes, np.bytes_)):
        return obj.decode('utf-8')
    return obj
```

Wait, but let me check again. The docstring says "returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`". Hmm, that's conflicting. Wait maybe I misread the return. Let me check again:

The function's docstring says:

Returns:
    returns the bytes object corresponding to `obj` in case it is a string using UTF-8 else return `obj`

Wait, that's the opposite of the first sentence. The first sentence says "Force decoding obj with 'utf-8' if it is a numpy.bytes or bytes". So if it's bytes, decode to string, but the return description says if it is a string, return bytes? That's conflicting. Maybe the docstring has a typo. Perhaps the correct return is: returns the string corresponding to `obj` if it is bytes, else return obj. Then the code as I wrote is correct. Since the user might have made a mistake in the docstring's return description, but the first sentence is clearer. So proceeding with the code as before.

Another possible edge case: what if the object is a numpy.bytes_ but the decoding fails? The function will raise an error, but the problem doesn't mention handling exceptions, so we can proceed without that.

So the code should be as written. Let me confirm once again:

Yes, the code checks if the obj is bytes or numpy.bytes_, then decodes to a string. Else returns the original. So that's correct.
