Okay, I need to write the _dump_string function based on the given signature and docstring. Let's see. The function is supposed to take a Python object and serialize it into a YAML stream. The return type is a YAML stream, which I think means a string representation of the YAML.

First, I remember that Python's PyYAML library is commonly used for YAML serialization. So the function probably uses yaml.dump. But wait, the function's parameters include a 'dumper' which is optional. Oh right, the function's arguments are obj and dumper=None. So maybe the dumper parameter is passed to yaml.dump's Dumper argument?

Wait, the standard yaml.dump function takes a Dumper keyword argument. So in the function, when calling yaml.dump, we can specify the Dumper as the dumper parameter. But since dumper is optional, if it's None, we might use the default Dumper. However, the default in PyYAML is SafeDumper, but maybe the function expects to use the regular Dumper if none is provided? Hmm, but the problem doesn't specify that, so perhaps just pass it along.

So the basic structure would be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

Wait, but yaml.dump returns the string already. So that's probably it. But wait, maybe there are other parameters needed? Let me think. The function's docstring says to serialize into a YAML stream. The yaml.dump function's default is to produce a string, so that's correct.

Wait, but in some cases, people might want to specify other options, like default_flow_style, but the problem's docstring doesn't mention that, so we can ignore that. The function's args are only obj and dumper. So the dumper parameter is passed as the Dumper argument to yaml.dump. So the code is straightforward.

Wait, but the function's parameters have dumper=None, and the yaml.dump's Dumper parameter's default is None as well? Or does the default in PyYAML use a different dumper? Let me check. Oh right, in PyYAML, if you don't specify Dumper, it uses SafeDumper by default. So if the user passes dumper=None, then the function would use the default, which is safe. But in the function's case, the dumper parameter is exactly passed through. So that's correct.

So the code would be as simple as importing yaml and returning yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper). But I need to make sure that the function is correctly named and the parameters are in order. The function's first parameter is obj, then dumper. So yes, that's correct.

Wait, but maybe the function is part of a class, but the problem states it's a standalone function. So the code should just be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, Dumper=dumper)

Hmm, but maybe there's an indent or other issues? Let me think again. The problem says to generate code based on the signature and docstring. The docstring says it returns a YAML stream, which is exactly what yaml.dump does. So that's correct. I think that's all. The only possible issue is if the dumper is supposed to be a class or an instance, but the parameter is named dumper, which in PyYAML's context would be a Dumper class. So the code should be correct.
