Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the set_cut_chars method based on the given signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says it sets the bytes used to delimit slice points. The parameters are before and after, both bytes. So, the method should store these delimiters.

Hmm, the function is an instance method, so I'll need to use self to store the before and after values. Probably, I should just assign them to instance variables. Like self.before_cut = before and self.after_cut = after? Or maybe the names could be cut_before and cut_after? But the parameters are named before and after, so maybe just storing them directly as attributes.

Wait, the function returns None, so no return statement needed. Just setting the attributes. So the code would be straightforward. Let me check the docstring again. The args are described as the bytes to split before and after. So the method's purpose is to allow the user to set these delimiters for later use when splitting the file.

I should make sure that the code only assigns the provided bytes to the respective instance variables. There's no validation mentioned in the docstring, so I don't need to add any checks here. Just store them as they are.

So the code would look like this:

def set_cut_chars(self, before: bytes, after: bytes) -> None:
    """
    Set the bytes used to delimit slice points.

    Args:
        before: Split file before these delimiters.
        after: Split file after these delimiters.
    """
    self.before_delimiter = before
    self.after_delimiter = after

Wait, but maybe the variable names should be more precise. Like maybe 'cut_before' and 'cut_after'? Or perhaps the instance variables are named exactly as before and after. But since the parameters are named before and after, using self.before and self.after could be possible. Let me think. Since the parameters are exactly named before and after, maybe the code is simply:

self.before = before
self.after = after

Yes, that's even simpler. So then the code would be:

def set_cut_chars(self, before: bytes, after: bytes) -> None:
    ...
    self.before = before
    self.after = after

That's all. No need for extra variable names. The user passes in before and after, so storing them as self.before and self.after makes sense. 

I think that's all. So the code is just assigning the two parameters to instance variables. No other logic needed here. The docstring is correctly included, and the type hints are respected. The return type is None, which is correct because the function doesn't return anything, just sets the attributes.
