Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate a Python method called get_nested_custom_and_control_args. The method needs to split input arguments into control, nested, and custom categories. The docstring explains that control args affect IR behavior and aren't in the spec YAML, while nested ones go into the spec and are for Ansible. Custom args are special variables replacing normal nested usage.

Hmm, the function's return type is two dictionaries: control_args and nested_args. Wait, the name mentions custom and control and nested, but the return is only two dicts. Oh, the docstring says return is (control, nested), but the name includes custom. Maybe custom is part of nested or control? Or perhaps the custom args are a separate part but need to be handled here. Wait, the docstring's return is (control, nested), so maybe custom is part of one of those?

Looking at the parameters: the input is a list of args. Wait, the parameter says "args: the collected list of args." So the input is a list. But how are these args structured? Are they key-value pairs, or just a list of strings? The method needs to process them into control and nested (and maybe custom) args.

Wait, the function's return is two dicts. So the input list must be parsed into key-value pairs. Maybe each element in the args list is a string like "key=value", which we split into the dictionaries.

So the plan is: iterate over each argument in args. For each, split into key and value. Then decide which category it belongs to. How do we determine that?

The problem is, the code needs a way to categorize each argument. Since the user hasn't provided specific criteria, perhaps the method uses some predefined keys or patterns. For example, control arguments might start with a certain prefix like 'ctrl_', or maybe there's a list of known control parameters. But since the problem doesn't specify, maybe the code will have to make some assumptions or use some default logic.

Alternatively, maybe the custom and nested args are separated by some indicators. For instance, custom arguments might be those that are marked with a certain flag, but without more info, I need to proceed with what's given.

Wait, the docstring says "custom ansible variables to be used instead of the normal nested usage." So perhaps custom args are part of the nested args but marked as custom? Or maybe they are a separate category but the return only includes control and nested, so perhaps custom is part of nested. Or maybe the method needs to split into three categories but returns two, combining some.

Hmm, perhaps the function will split the args into three categories but the return combines some. Let me re-read the docstring's return: it says returns (control_args, nested_args). So custom must be part of either control or nested. Since the description says custom are used instead of normal nested, maybe they are part of the nested args but in a separate section. Or maybe the custom args are a subset of the nested args, but the return still combines them into nested_args.

Alternatively, perhaps the custom args are part of the nested args but need to be separated out. But the return is two dicts. Maybe the custom args are part of the nested dict but under a specific key. Or perhaps the code needs to parse the args into control, nested, and custom, but only return the first two, with custom being part of nested?

Alternatively, maybe the code is supposed to split the args into control and the rest (nested and custom), but the problem's description isn't clear. Since the user hasn't provided specific criteria, perhaps the code will need to have some example logic, like checking for certain prefixes.

Wait, perhaps the method uses some predefined lists of control parameters. For example, if there are known control arguments like 'debug' or 'timeout', those would go into control_args, others into nested. But without specific info, maybe the code will have to use a dummy approach, perhaps splitting based on some arbitrary criteria, like keys starting with certain letters, but that's not indicated.

Alternatively, maybe the custom arguments are those that are explicitly marked with a certain flag, but again, without specifics, the code can't do that. Hmm.

Alternatively, perhaps the args are passed as a list of strings in the form 'key=value', and the method needs to process each into a dictionary, categorizing based on the key's name. For example, any key starting with 'ctrl_' is a control arg, others are nested. Or perhaps custom args are those that are in a certain list, but without knowing, perhaps the code will have to use a placeholder approach.

Alternatively, maybe the code is supposed to return all non-control args as nested, and custom is part of nested. But how to separate them? Since the return doesn't have a custom dict, perhaps custom is part of nested.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to split into three categories, but the return combines custom into nested. So the code will process each arg, check if it's a control arg (using some criteria), and if not, add to nested. Custom might be a subset but handled within nested.

Since the problem doesn't specify how to distinguish between control, nested, and custom args, perhaps the code will have to use a simple example where control args are those in a predefined list, and the rest are nested. The custom args might be part of the nested, but without more info, perhaps the code can't handle that and just proceeds with splitting into control and the rest as nested.

So, the code steps:

Initialize control_args and nested_args as empty dicts.

For each arg in args:

   split into key and value (assuming each arg is a string like 'key=value')

   if the key is in a list of control keys (like ['ctrl_debug', 'ctrl_timeout']), add to control_args.

   else, add to nested_args.

But how do I know the control keys? Since the problem doesn't specify, perhaps the code will have a list of known control arguments. Alternatively, maybe the code is supposed to have a way to determine this, but in the absence of specifics, perhaps the code uses a placeholder, like checking if the key starts with 'control_'.

Alternatively, maybe the method's code is supposed to treat all arguments as nested except those that are known control parameters. But without knowing the exact criteria, perhaps the code will have to make an arbitrary choice, like splitting based on some example.

Alternatively, perhaps the custom and nested are both part of the same category, and the code just separates control from the rest. Since the return is two dicts, perhaps the custom args are part of the nested.

In any case, the code must process the input list into two dictionaries.

Wait, the input is a list of args. Are these strings in the form of "key=value" or something else? The problem says "collected list of args", which could be a list of strings like "key=value".

Assuming each element in args is a string like "key=value", then splitting on '=' would get the key and value. So, for each arg in args:

   split into parts = arg.split('=', 1)

   key = parts[0], value = parts[1] if len(parts) > 1 else ''

Then, decide which category the key belongs to.

But without specific criteria, perhaps the code will have to use a dummy approach, like all keys starting with 'control_' go to control_args, others to nested.

Alternatively, maybe the code is supposed to have the user define the criteria elsewhere, but since it's a method, perhaps there are predefined attributes in the class that list control arguments.

Wait, the function is a method of a class, so maybe the class has an attribute like self.control_args_list which contains the keys that are control parameters. But since the problem doesn't specify, perhaps the code must use a placeholder.

Alternatively, perhaps the code is supposed to split the args into control and the rest, with control being any args with a certain prefix, and the rest as nested.

Given that the problem doesn't provide specifics, the code must make some assumptions. Let's proceed with a simple example where control arguments are those whose keys start with 'ctrl_', and the rest are nested.

So the code would look like this:

def get_nested_custom_and_control_args(self, args):
    control_args = {}
    nested_args = {}
    for arg in args:
        parts = arg.split('=', 1)
        key = parts[0]
        value = parts[1] if len(parts) > 1 else ''
        if key.startswith('ctrl_'):
            control_args[key] = value
        else:
            nested_args[key] = value
    return control_args, nested_args

Wait, but what about the custom arguments? The docstring mentions custom args as a separate category. But the return is only two dicts. So maybe the custom args are part of the nested args. Or perhaps the code needs to separate them, but the return combines them. Since the problem's return is two dicts, perhaps custom is part of nested. So the code above would handle control and the rest as nested, which includes custom. But how to distinguish?

Alternatively, maybe custom args are those that are not control and not part of the standard nested. But without criteria, perhaps the code can't do that, so the method just splits into control and the rest, with the rest being nested (including custom). So the code above would suffice.

Alternatively, maybe the custom arguments are those that are explicitly marked, like with a prefix like 'custom_', but again without specifics, the code can't know. So the code must proceed with the information given.

Given that, the code would process each arg, split into key-value, check if it's a control, and put the rest into nested. That would fulfill the return of two dicts. The custom part is mentioned but perhaps it's part of the nested.

So the code would be as I wrote above, but perhaps the problem expects a different approach. Alternatively, maybe the custom arguments are part of the nested, and the method just returns control and nested. That's what the docstring says. So the code is okay.

Alternatively, maybe the args are already a dictionary, but the parameter says it's a list. So the code needs to process a list of strings into key-value pairs.

Yes, that makes sense. So the code as above should work. I'll proceed with that.
