Okay, I need to write a Python function called xml_children_as_dict that takes a node (which is an XML element) and returns a dictionary where the keys are the tag names of the node's children, and the values are the actual child elements. 

Hmm, first, I should think about how XML nodes are handled in Python. Oh right, probably using the ElementTree module, where each node is an Element instance. So the children of a node can be accessed via node.iter() or node.getchildren() but wait, getchildren() is deprecated in some versions. Maybe better to use list(node) since in ElementTree, iterating over a node gives its children.

Wait, right. So for an Element object, iterating over it (like for child in node:) gives its direct children. So I can loop through node's children using that.

The function needs to create a dictionary where each key is the tag name of the child. But what if there are multiple children with the same tag? Then the later ones would overwrite the earlier ones in the dict. The problem statement doesn't mention handling duplicates, so I guess the last one would take precedence, or maybe the first one? The docstring says "keyed by tag name", but doesn't specify. Probably, it's okay to just have the last child with that tag, since that's how a simple dict would work. Alternatively, maybe store a list of elements for each tag, but the docstring doesn't indicate that. So I'll assume that each tag is unique, or that the function just takes the last occurrence.

So the steps are: Initialize an empty dictionary. Loop over each child in node's children. For each child, get its tag using child.tag. Then add that to the dictionary, with the key being the tag, and the value the child element. 

Wait, but if two children have the same tag, the later ones will replace the earlier entries. So the resulting dict will have the last child with that tag. Alternatively, maybe the first one? But in a standard loop, the last one would overwrite. Since the problem doesn't specify, I'll proceed that way.

So the code would be something like:

def xml_children_as_dict(node):
    result = {}
    for child in node:
        result[child.tag] = child
    return result

Wait, that's it? Let me check. The function's docstring says "Turn the children of node into a dict, keyed by tag name." So yes, that's exactly what that code does. Each child is looped over, their tag is the key, and the value is the child element. 

I should make sure that the node is being treated correctly. In ElementTree, the loop over node gives its direct children, so that's correct. 

I think that's all. The function is straightforward. There's no error handling if the node has no children, but the problem doesn't mention needing that. So the code should be as above.
