Okay, I need to generate Python code for the formatmany method based on the given signature and docstring. Let's start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says it converts the SQL using self._converter.convert_many. So the method is part of a class, and there's a converter attribute that has a convert_many function.

The parameters are sql, which can be a string or bytes (since AnyStr is used), and many_params, which is either an iterable of dictionaries or an iterable of sequences. The return type is a tuple containing the converted SQL (same type as input) and the converted parameters, which would be a list of either dicts or sequences.

Hmm, the function's job is to call convert_many on the converter. But I need to make sure that the input parameters are handled correctly. The many_params could be a list of tuples, list of lists, or list of dicts. The convert_many method probably takes the SQL and the list of parameters, processes each, and returns the new SQL and the new parameters list.

So the code should probably look like this:

First, check if many_params is an iterable of dicts or sequences. Wait, but the function's signature already specifies that, so maybe the converter can handle either type. I don't need to do type checking here, just pass it along.

The method should return the result of self._converter.convert_many(sql, many_params). But wait, the return type of convert_many might need to be compatible. The function's return is a tuple of AnyStr and the converted parameters, which could be a list of dicts or sequences, depending on the input.

Wait, the parameters for the method are named many_params, so when passing to convert_many, the parameters should be in the same order. Let me think: the function's parameters are sql and many_params. The convert_many method probably expects the SQL first, then the parameters. So the code is straightforward.

But I should also ensure that the inputs are correctly passed. So the code inside the method would be something like:

def formatmany(self, sql, many_params):
    return self._converter.convert_many(sql, many_params)

Wait, but maybe the convert_many function returns the new SQL and the list of parameters. So the above code should work. But I need to make sure that the method returns a tuple as specified. Let me check the return type in the signature again. The function returns a Tuple of AnyStr and a list of either dicts or sequences. So if convert_many returns exactly that, then this is correct.

But maybe the function needs to handle some edge cases? The problem statement doesn't mention any, so probably just a direct call. The user wants the code, not any extra checks. Since the docstring is very brief, the implementation is straightforward.

Wait, the parameters are called many_params in the input, so when passing to convert_many, it's exactly that variable. Also, the method is part of a class, so self is required. The code should be inside the class, so the method is correctly indented.

So putting it all together, the method would have the given signature, the docstring, and then just return the result of the convert_many method on the converter. That's all. I think that's it. Let me make sure there are no typos. The function's parameters are sql and many_params, and the return is the tuple from the converter's method. Yep, that's the code.
