
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function select_filenames_by_prefix. Let's see, the function takes a prefix and a list of files, and returns all files that match the given prefix. 

First, I should figure out how to check if a file starts with the prefix. In Python, strings have the startswith() method, right? So for each file in the files list, I can check if file.startswith(prefix). 

Wait, but what about case sensitivity? The problem doesn't mention it, so maybe it's case-sensitive. The example in the docstring might help, but since there's none, I'll assume the standard behavior. 

So the function will loop through each file in the input list. Let me think about the steps. The function should return a list comprehension that includes each file from files if it starts with the prefix. 

Wait, the docstring says "return all files that match the given prefix". So the code can be as simple as [file for file in files if file.startswith(prefix)]. 

But maybe I should handle edge cases. Like if the prefix is empty, but the problem doesn't specify. The user probably expects that if the prefix is empty, all files are returned. But the startswith method in Python returns True if the string starts with the specified prefix, even if the prefix is empty. So that's covered.

What about the parameters? The function is called select_filenames_by_prefix, with parameters prefix and files. The files parameter is a list of strings, I assume. 

So putting it all together, the function would be:

def select_filenames_by_prefix(prefix, files):
    return [file for file in files if file.startswith(prefix)]

Wait, but maybe the files are not a list? The docstring says "for each file in files", so files is an iterable. But the function is supposed to process each file in the list. So the code should work as long as files is an iterable, but the user might expect it to be a list. 

But the problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. The function signature says files is a parameter, so perhaps it's a list. The code as written will work for any iterable. 

I think that's all. Let me test with some examples. Suppose files is ["apple.txt", "banana.txt", "apricot.txt"], and prefix is "ap", then the result should be ["apple.txt", "apricot.txt"]. 

Yes, the code would handle that. So the code is straightforward. Just return the list comprehension. 

No other edge cases mentioned. So the code should be correct.
