
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _group_files_by_xml_filename based on the given signature and docstring. Let me think about what this function is supposed to do.

The docstring says it groups files by xmls and returns data in a dictionary format. The parameters are source, xmls, and files. Wait, what are these parameters? The function name suggests that xmls might be a list of XML filenames, and files could be a list of files to be grouped. But the parameters' types aren't specified. Maybe I should assume that xmls is a list of XML file names, and files is a list of file paths or something similar. The source parameter is a bit unclear. Maybe it's the directory path where the files are located? Or perhaps it's not needed if the files are already relative to the source.

Wait, the function is named _group_files_by_xml_filename, so maybe the idea is to group the files (probably some kind of data files) based on their corresponding XML files. For example, each XML file might have associated files, and the function groups those associated files under each XML filename.

But without more context, I have to make some assumptions. Let's think: perhaps the 'files' parameter is a list of file paths, and 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function needs to group these files by their corresponding XML files. But how do the files relate to the XMLs? Maybe each XML file has a name that's part of the file's name, or perhaps there's a mapping between XMLs and files.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory where the XML files are located, and the 'files' are other files that need to be grouped by the XML files in that source. But again, not sure. The docstring is a bit vague.

Wait, the function's purpose is to group files by xmls. So perhaps the 'xmls' are the keys, and the 'files' are the values. But how to group them? Maybe for each XML file in xmls, collect the files that are associated with it. But how to determine the association?

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are to be grouped into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames from the xmls list, and the values are lists of files. But that would require that each file in 'files' is associated with an XML in 'xmls'. But how?

Alternatively, perhaps the 'xmls' is a list of XML files, and the 'files' are other files that need to be grouped by their corresponding XML. For example, each XML file might have a set of related files, and the function groups those.

But since the parameters are source, xmls, files, maybe the 'source' is the directory where the XML files are located. Then, the function could be grouping the files (maybe in the same source directory) by their XML filenames. But I'm not sure. Let me think again.

The function's name suggests that it's grouping files based on XML filenames. So perhaps the 'xmls' parameter is a list of XML filenames, and the 'files' are the files to be grouped. The 'source' might be the directory where these files are located. So, for each XML file in xmls, we find all files in the source directory that are related to it. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are already grouped by their XML filenames, and the function is supposed to organize them into a dictionary structure. For example, if each file has an XML filename associated with it, then group them accordingly.

But without more details, I have to make some assumptions. Let me try to think of a common scenario. Suppose that each file in 'files' is associated with an XML file from 'xmls'. For instance, maybe each file has a prefix or suffix that matches the XML filename. Or perhaps there's a mapping between XML filenames and files. But how to handle that?

Alternatively, maybe the 'xmls' are the keys, and the 'files' are the values. But that doesn't make sense. Wait, the function is supposed to group files by xmls. So the output is a dictionary where each key is an XML filename from xmls, and the value is a list of files associated with that XML.

But how to determine which files belong to which XML? Maybe the 'files' are in the same directory as the XMLs, and the XML filenames are part of the file names. For example, if the XMLs are like ['data1.xml', 'data2.xml'], and the files are like ['data1.txt', 'data2.txt', 'data3.txt'], then group the files by their base name without the extension, matching the XML filenames.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory path, and the 'files' are files in that directory. Then, for each XML in xmls, find all files in the source that have the same name as the XML (without the extension) and group them. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'xmls' is a list of XML files, and the 'files' are other files that need to be grouped under each XML. For example, if each XML file has a corresponding set of files, maybe the function is supposed to collect those.

But given the lack of information, maybe the function is supposed to create a dictionary where each key is an XML filename from xmls, and the value is a list of files. But how to associate the files with the XMLs? Maybe the 'files' are already grouped, and the function is just organizing them into a dictionary structure. Or perhaps the 'source' is a directory, and the 'files' are files in that directory, and the 'xmls' are the XML files in that directory. Then, the function groups all files (including XMLs?) by their XML filenames.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a list of XML filenames and a list of files, and group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files. But that would require that each file is associated with an XML. However, without knowing the association logic, this is tricky.

Wait, perhaps the 'files' parameter is a list of file paths, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function is supposed to group the files by their corresponding XML. For example, if a file's name starts with the XML filename (without extension), then group them. Or maybe the XML filenames are part of the file names.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to group the files into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames, and the values are the files. But that would be a one-to-one mapping, which might not make sense unless each XML has exactly one file.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'files' are to be grouped into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files that are related to that XML. But again, the association logic is unclear.

Since the user hasn't provided more details, I need to make a reasonable assumption. Let me think of a possible implementation. Maybe the function is supposed to take a list of XML filenames and a list of files, and group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files that have the same name as the XML (without the extension). For example, if xmls is ['report.xml', 'config.xml'], and files includes 'report.txt', 'config.txt', 'data.txt', then group them so that 'report.xml' maps to ['report.txt'], 'config.xml' maps to ['config.txt'], and 'data.txt' is left out.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is a directory, and the function is supposed to find all files in that directory that are associated with the XMLs. For example, for each XML in xmls, find all files in the source directory that match a certain pattern, like having the same base name as the XML.

But perhaps the function is intended to group the files into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames, and the values are the files. However, that would require that each file is associated with exactly one XML. Maybe the 'files' are already grouped, and the function is just creating a dictionary structure.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a list of XML filenames and a list of files, and for each XML, collect the files that are in the same directory as the XML. But again, the 'source' parameter is unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'source' is the directory where the XML files are located, and the 'files' are files in that directory. Then, the function groups the files by their XML filenames. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the 'xmls' is a list of XML files, and the 'files' is a list of files that need to be grouped under each XML. For example, each XML file might have a set of related files, and the function is supposed to group them. But without knowing how to determine which files belong to which XML, this is challenging.

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the function is supposed to create a dictionary where each key is an XML filename from xmls, and the value is a list of files. But how to associate the files with the XMLs? Maybe the 'files' are already associated, and the function is just organizing them. For example, if each file has an XML filename as part of its name, then group them.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is a directory, and the 'xmls' are the XML files in that directory. The function then groups all files in the source directory by their XML filenames. But again, the exact logic is unclear.

Perhaps the function is supposed to take a list of XML filenames and a list of files, and for each XML, collect all files that have the same name as the XML (without the extension). For example, if an XML is 'data.xml', then collect files like 'data.txt', 'data.csv', etc. But that would require that the files are in the same directory as the XMLs, or that the source is the directory.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames, and the values are the files. But that would be a one-to-one mapping, which might not be the case.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'files' are a list of file paths, and the 'xmls' are a list of XML filenames. The function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files that are in the same directory as the XML. But again, the 'source' parameter is unclear.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a source directory, a list of XML filenames, and a list of files, and group the files by their XML filenames. For example, if the XMLs are in the source directory, and the files are also in the source directory, then for each XML, collect all files that have the same base name as the XML.

But without knowing the exact logic, I need to make an assumption. Let me think of a possible implementation. Let's say that the 'files' are to be grouped by their corresponding XML filenames. For example, each file has an XML filename associated with it, perhaps through some naming convention. So the function could iterate over each XML in xmls, and for each, collect the files that match a certain pattern.

Alternatively, maybe the 'xmls' are the keys, and the 'files' are the values. But that would be a simple mapping. However, the function name suggests grouping, which implies multiple files per XML.

Another approach: perhaps the 'source' is the directory path, 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames (without path), and 'files' is a list of file paths. The function needs to group the files by their XML filename. For example, if a file path is 'source/data.xml', then the XML filename is 'data.xml', and the function groups all files under their XML filename.

But how to extract the XML filename from the file paths? Maybe the 'xmls' list contains the XML filenames, and the 'files' are files in the source directory. So, for each XML in xmls, find all files in the source directory that have the same name as the XML (without the extension). Or perhaps the XML filenames are part of the file names.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to create a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files. But how to determine which files belong to which XML? Maybe the 'files' are already associated with the XMLs, and the function is just organizing them.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'xmls' is a list of XML files, and the 'files' are a list of files that need to be grouped under each XML. For example, each XML file might have a list of associated files, and the function is supposed to group them. But without knowing the association, this is hard.

Given the lack of information, perhaps the simplest approach is to assume that the 'files' are to be grouped into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename from xmls, and the value is a list of files. But that would require that each file is associated with exactly one XML. Maybe the 'files' are already grouped, and the function is just creating the dictionary.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take the XML filenames and group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files. But how to get the files? Maybe the 'files' parameter is a list of file names, and the function groups them based on the XML filenames.

Wait, perhaps the function is part of a larger system where each XML file has a set of related files. For example, in a project, each XML might have associated data files. The 'source' could be the directory where these files are located. Then, the function could group all files in the source directory into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files that are related to that XML.

But again, without knowing the exact association, I need to make an assumption. Let's say that the association is based on the file names. For example, if a file's name starts with the XML filename (without the extension), then it's grouped under that XML. Or perhaps the XML filenames are part of the file names.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames, and the values are the files. For example, if there are multiple files per XML, then each XML maps to a list of files.

But how to determine which files belong to which XML? Maybe the 'files' are already associated with the XMLs. For example, each file in 'files' has an XML filename as part of its name, and the function groups them accordingly.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'xmls' is a list of XML files, and the 'files' is a list of files that need to be grouped by their XML. For instance, if the XML files are in the source directory, and the files are also in the source directory, then for each XML, collect all files that have the same base name as the XML.

But I need to code this. Let's think of a possible implementation. Suppose that the 'source' is the directory path, 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames (without path), and 'files' is a list of file paths. Then, for each XML in xmls, find all files in 'files' that are in the source directory and have the same base name as the XML. Wait, but that would require checking each file's path against the source.

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are all in the source directory, and the XML filenames are part of the files. For example, each file in 'files' has an XML filename as a prefix or suffix. But again, not sure.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files. For example, if the 'files' are a list of file names, and the 'xmls' are a list of XML filenames, then the function could create a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files. But that would require that each file is associated with an XML. Maybe the 'files' are already grouped, and the function is just creating the dictionary.

Alternatively, maybe the 'xmls' is a list of XML files, and the 'files' are a list of files that need to be grouped under each XML. For example, each XML file has a corresponding set of files, and the function groups them. But how to determine which files belong to which XML?

Given the ambiguity, perhaps the function is intended to take the XML filenames and the files, and group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename is a key, and the value is a list of files. But how to associate them? Maybe each file is associated with exactly one XML, and the function is just creating a mapping. But without knowing the association logic, this is hard.

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are the same as the 'xmls', but that doesn't make sense.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames, and the values are the files. For example, if there are multiple files per XML, then each XML maps to a list of those files.

But how to determine which files belong to which XML? Maybe the 'files' are in the same directory as the XMLs, and the XML filenames are part of the file names. For example, if the XML is 'data.xml', then the files could be 'data_1.txt', 'data_2.txt', etc. So the function would group those files under 'data.xml'.

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are a list of file paths, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function then groups the files by their XML filename, perhaps by checking if the file's name matches the XML's name. For example, if a file is 'report.xml', then it's grouped under 'report.xml', but that would be a one-to-one mapping.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to take the XML filenames and the files, and group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files. But that would require that each file is associated with an XML. Maybe the 'files' are already associated with the XMLs through some other means, like a list of tuples.

But given that the parameters are source, xmls, files, and the function is named _group_files_by_xml_filename, perhaps the 'source' is a directory, and the 'xmls' are the XML files in that directory. Then, the 'files' are other files in the same directory, and the function groups them by their XML filename. But how?

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are a list of file names, and the 'xmls' are a list of XML filenames. The function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files. But again, the association is unclear.

At this point, I think I need to make a reasonable assumption and proceed. Let's assume that the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames, and the 'files' is a list of files that need to be grouped under each XML. The association is based on the file names. For example, each file in 'files' has an XML filename as part of its name. So, for each XML in xmls, collect all files in 'files' that start with the XML's name (without the extension).

Alternatively, perhaps the 'files' are to be grouped into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files. So, the function could iterate over each XML in xmls, and for each, collect the files that match a certain pattern. But without knowing the pattern, I can't code that.

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are a list of file paths, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function groups the files into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames, and the values are the files that are in the same directory as the XML files. For example, if the XMLs are in the source directory, then for each XML in xmls, find all files in the source directory that have the same base name as the XML.

Wait, maybe the 'source' is the directory where the XML files are located. Then, for each XML in xmls, the function could look for files in the source directory that are related. But again, the relation is unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'files' parameter is a list of file names, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files. For example, if the XML filename is 'config.xml', then the files could be 'config.json', 'config.txt', etc.

But how to determine which files belong to which XML? Maybe the function is supposed to group all files into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames, and the values are the files. But that would require that each file is associated with exactly one XML. Maybe the 'files' are already associated with the XMLs, like a list of tuples (xml_filename, file), but the parameters are source, xmls, files. So perhaps the 'files' are the files to be grouped, and the 'xmls' are the keys.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take a list of XML filenames and a list of files, and for each XML, group the files that are in the same directory as the XML. But again, the 'source' parameter is unclear.

Given that the user hasn't provided more details, perhaps the function is intended to create a dictionary where each XML filename from xmls is a key, and the value is a list of files. But how to associate the files with the XMLs? Maybe the 'files' are already grouped, and the function is just creating the dictionary structure.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take the XML filenames and group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files. But the 'files' parameter might be a list of file names, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. For example, if the XMLs are ['a.xml', 'b.xml'], and the files are ['a.txt', 'b.txt', 'c.txt'], then group the files so that 'a.xml' maps to ['a.txt'], 'b.xml' maps to ['b.txt'], and 'c.txt' is left out. But that would require that each file is associated with exactly one XML, which may not be the case.

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are a list of file names, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function groups the files into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files that have the same name as the XML (without the extension). For example, if an XML is 'report.xml', then the files 'report.txt', 'report.csv' would be grouped under 'report.xml'.

But how to handle that? Let's think of code. Maybe the function is supposed to create a dictionary where each XML filename is a key, and the value is a list of files that match the XML's name. So for each file in files, check if it starts with the XML filename (without the extension). But that would require that the files are in the same directory as the XMLs, or that the source is the directory.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory path, and the 'xmls' are the XML filenames. Then, the function could group all files in the source directory by their XML filename. But again, the association is unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is part of a process where each XML file has a corresponding set of files, and the 'files' parameter is a list of all files, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function would group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files that are related to it. For example, if the XML is 'data.xml', then the related files could be 'data_1.txt', 'data_2.txt', etc.

But without knowing the exact logic, I have to make an assumption. Let's proceed with the assumption that the 'files' are to be grouped into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename from xmls, and the value is a list of files that have the same base name as the XML. For example, if the XML is 'config.xml', then the files 'config.txt', 'config.json' would be grouped under 'config.xml'.

So the code would be something like:

def _group_files_by_xml_filename(source, xmls, files):
    """
    Groups files by xmls and returns data in dict format.
    """
    grouped = {}
    for xml in xmls:
        xml_base = xml.split('.')[0]  # remove the .xml extension
        grouped[xml] = [f for f in files if f.startswith(xml_base)]
    return grouped

But this is just a guess. Another possibility is that the 'source' is the directory, and the 'files' are in that directory. Then, for each XML in xmls, find all files in the source directory that match the XML's name. But again, the exact logic is unclear.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory where the XML files are located, and the 'files' are files in that directory. Then, the function groups the files into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files that are in the same directory as the XML. But that would require that each XML file has a corresponding set of files.

Alternatively, the function could be grouping the files into a dictionary where the keys are the XML filenames, and the values are the files. For example, if the files are a list of file paths, and the XMLs are a list of XML filenames, then perhaps each file is associated with an XML by some logic, like the XML filename is part of the file path.

But given the lack of information, I think the most straightforward approach is to group the 'files' into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename from 'xmls', and the value is a list of files that have the same base name as the XML. For example, if the XML is 'data.xml', then files like 'data.txt' would be grouped under 'data.xml'.

Another possibility is that the 'files' are to be grouped by their XML filename, which is provided in the 'xmls' list. But how? Maybe the 'xmls' list contains the XML filenames, and the 'files' are the files to be grouped. So for each XML in xmls, collect all files that are associated with it. But again, the association is unclear.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'files' are a list of file names, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename is a key, and the value is a list of files. For example, if there are multiple files per XML, then each XML maps to those files. But how to determine which files belong to which XML?

Maybe the 'files' are a list of tuples where each tuple contains an XML filename and a file name. Then, the function could group them by the XML filename. For example:

def _group_files_by_xml_filename(source, xmls, files):
    grouped = defaultdict(list)
    for xml, file in files:
        grouped[xml].append(file)
    return grouped

But the parameters are source, xmls, files. If 'files' is a list of tuples, then this makes sense. However, the function signature doesn't indicate that. So perhaps the 'files' parameter is a list of file names, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames, and the function is supposed to group the files into a dictionary where each XML filename maps to a list of files that have the same base name as the XML.

So, for example, if xmls is ['a.xml', 'b.xml'], and files is ['a.txt', 'b.txt', 'c.txt'], then the grouped dictionary would be {'a.xml': ['a.txt'], 'b.xml': ['b.txt']}.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory, and the 'files' are files in that directory. Then, for each XML in xmls, find all files in the source directory that match the XML's name. For example, if the XML is 'data.xml', then find all files in the source directory that are named 'data.xml' (but that would be just the XML itself).

Alternatively, perhaps the 'files' are the same as the 'xmls', but that doesn't make sense.

Given the ambiguity, I think the best approach is to assume that the 'files' are to be grouped by their corresponding XML filenames, which are provided in the 'xmls' list. So, for each XML in xmls, collect all files that have the same base name as the XML (without the extension). For example, if the XML is 'report.xml', then the files 'report.txt', 'report.csv' would be grouped under 'report.xml'.

But how to handle the 'source' parameter? Maybe the 'source' is the directory where the files are located, and the function is supposed to process files in that directory. However, the 'files' parameter might already be a list of file names, so perhaps the 'source' is not used in this case.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory path, and the 'files' are file paths relative to that source. Then, the function could process those files.

But given the lack of information, I'll proceed with the assumption that the 'files' are a list of file names, and the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames. The function groups the files into a dictionary where each XML filename is a key, and the value is a list of files that have the same base name as the XML. For example, for each XML in xmls, we take the base name (without the extension) and group the files that start with that base name.

So the code would be:

import os
from collections import defaultdict

def _group_files_by_xml_filename(source, xmls, files):
    """
    Groups files by xmls and returns data in dict format.
    """
    grouped = defaultdict(list)
    for xml in xmls:
        xml_base = os.path.splitext(xml)[0]
        for file in files:
            if file.startswith(xml_base):
                grouped[xml].append(file)
    return grouped

But this is just one possible implementation. Another possibility is that the 'source' is used to determine the directory, and the 'files' are in that directory. For example, if the XMLs are in the source directory, then for each XML, find all files in the source directory that have the same base name.

Alternatively, maybe the 'files' are in the source directory, and the 'xmls' are the XML files in that directory. Then, for each XML in xmls, group all files in the source directory that have the same base name as the XML.

But how to get the files in the source directory? If 'files' is a list of file names, then maybe the function is supposed to group them based on their base names matching the XMLs.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is not used, and the function is simply grouping the 'files' by the 'xmls' list. For example, if 'xmls' is a list of keys, and 'files' is a list of values, then group them into a dictionary. But that would be a one-to-one mapping, which might not be the case.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'files' are to be grouped into a dictionary where each key is an XML filename, and the value is a list of files. But the 'xmls' could be the keys, and the 'files' are the values. However, the function's name suggests that it's grouping the files by the XMLs, which implies that each XML may have multiple files.

Given all these possibilities, I think the best approach is to create a dictionary where each XML filename from xmls is a key, and the value is a list of files that have the same base name as the XML. So the code would look like:

from collections import defaultdict

def _group_files_by_xml_filename(source, xmls, files):
    """
    Groups files by xmls and returns data in dict format.
    """
    grouped = defaultdict(list)
    for xml in xmls:
        xml_base = xml.split('.')[0]
        for file in files:
            if file.startswith(xml_base):
                grouped[xml].append(file)
    return grouped

But maybe the 'source' is not used. Or perhaps it's used to determine the directory. For example, if the files are in the source directory, then the function could process them.

Alternatively, maybe the 'source' is the directory path, and the 'files' are file paths relative to that source. So the function could group the files by their XML filenames, which are in the source directory.

But without knowing the exact logic, this is just a guess. However, given the function's name and the parameters, I think this is a plausible approach.

Another possibility is that the 'xmls' is a list of XML filenames, and the 'files' is a list of files that are to be grouped under each XML. For example, each file is associated with an XML via some identifier, and the function is supposed to group them. But again, the exact association is unclear.

In the absence of more information, I'll proceed with the assumption that the 'files' are to be grouped by their base names matching the XML filenames. So the code would be as follows.
