
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code for the is_valid method based on the given function signature and docstring. The docstring says that in the base implementation, it always returns True. So the task is straightforward.

First, I need to make sure I follow the function signature exactly. The function is part of a class, as indicated by the 'self' parameter. The parameter is called 'identifier', and the method should return a boolean. 

The docstring mentions that the base implementation returns True. So the code should have a pass statement or just a return True. But since the user says to generate the code, I should write the simplest possible implementation. 

Wait, the user said not to include any explanation, reasoning, or markdown. So I just need to write the method with the docstring and the return statement. Let me check the example again. The function is part of a class, so the code will be inside the class. 

The function is called is_valid, takes self and identifier. The docstring is provided, so I need to include that. The base implementation returns True. So the code would be:

def is_valid(self, identifier):
    """
    Return True if identifier is valid. In this base implementation, always return True.  (D)
    """
    return True

That's it. No need for any additional checks or logic since the base case is always True. I should make sure that the indentation is correct and that there are no extra spaces. Also, the docstring should be exactly as provided, including the (D) at the end. 

Wait, the user might have a specific style in mind. The docstring starts with a capital letter and ends with a period. The example shows the docstring with the (D) notation, which I assume is part of the documentation. So I need to include that. 

Yes, so the code is simple. Just the method with the docstring and returning True. No other parameters or conditions. I think that's all. Let me make sure there's no typos. The function name is correct, parameters are there. The return statement is properly indented. Alright, that should do it.
