
Okay, I need to write a Python function called files_list_from_zipfile that takes a zip_path as an argument and returns the list of files inside that zip file. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that Python has a built-in module called zipfile. So I should import that. The docstring says to return the files, so I need to read the zip file and extract the contents.

Wait, but the function is supposed to return the files, not extract them. So maybe I should use the zipfile module to read the zip file and get the file names. But how?

Ah, right. The zipfile module has a ZipFile class. So I can open the zip file using ZipFile, then iterate over the files in the zip archive. But I need to make sure that the zip file is accessible. Also, the function should handle possible exceptions, but the docstring doesn't mention handling errors, so maybe just return the list as is.

So the steps would be:

1. Open the zip file using zipfile.ZipFile.
2. Iterate over the files in the zip archive.
3. Collect the names of the files into a list.
4. Return that list.

But wait, what if the zip file is not accessible? Well, the function might not need to handle that, but the user might expect it to raise an error. However, the docstring doesn't mention error handling, so perhaps just return the list regardless.

So the code would be something like:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zip_file:
        return [member.namelist() for member in zip_file.infolist()]

Wait, but in Python, when you open a zip file with ZipFile, the infolist() method returns a list of ZipInfo objects. Each object has a name attribute. So iterating over them and taking the names would give the list of files.

Yes, that should work. So the code would be as above.

But wait, the function is supposed to return the files. So the code is correct.

But I need to make sure that the zip file is properly opened. Also, the function should handle cases where the zip file is not found or inaccessible. But since the docstring doesn't mention error handling, maybe the function just returns the list as is, and the user is responsible for handling errors.

So the code is as written. Also, the imported packages are mentioned in the context, so I need to include import zipfile.

Wait, the user said to import the packages: logging, os, zipfile, tempfile, shutil, re. But the function doesn't use any of these except zipfile. So the code would just need to import zipfile.

So the code would be:

import zipfile

def files_list_from_zipfile(zip_path):
    with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_path, 'r') as zip_file:
        return [member.namelist() for member in zip_file.infolist()]

But wait, the 'infolist()' method returns a list of ZipInfo objects. Each member has a name. So the code is correct.

Yes, that should work. So the final code is as above.
