
Okay, I need to write the Python function select_filenames_by_prefix that takes a prefix and a list of files, and returns all files that match the given prefix. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, the function needs to iterate over each file in the 'files' list. For each file, check if it starts with the given 'prefix'. The built-in string method startswith can be used here. So, for each file in files, if file.startswith(prefix), then include it in the result.

Wait, but the function's docstring says "return all files that match the given prefix". So the function should return a list of those files. The parameters are prefix and files. So the function will process each file in files and collect those that start with prefix.

So the code would be something like:

def select_filenames_by_prefix(prefix, files):
    return [f for f in files if f.startswith(prefix)]

But I need to make sure that the function is properly defined. Also, the imported packages are mentioned, but the code doesn't use them directly. The logger is mentioned, but the function doesn't use it. So maybe the imports are just for the surrounding code, and the function doesn't need them.

Wait, the problem says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. The user provided the function signature and docstring, and the context includes imported packages like os, logging, zipfile, packtools, but the function doesn't use them. So the code should just be the function as per the signature and docstring.

So the code is straightforward. The function uses a list comprehension to filter the files based on the prefix. The imports are probably for other functions within the same module, but the function itself doesn't need them.

So the correct code is the list comprehension as mentioned. Let me check if there are any edge cases. For example, if the prefix is empty, but the function's docstring doesn't mention that. But according to the problem, the function is to be written as per the given signature and docstring, so we don't need to handle those cases.

Therefore, the code is simply:

def select_filenames_by_prefix(prefix, files):
    """
    For each file in files, return all files that match the given prefix
    """
    return [f for f in files if f.startswith(prefix)]
