
Okay, I need to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called get_logical_path_map, and it takes two parameters: inventory and version. The docstring says it returns the file paths of the states in the inventory in a dict type.

First, I should figure out what the function is supposed to do. The docstring mentions "file paths of the states in the inventory," so the function probably processes the inventory data and constructs a dictionary where each key is a state, and the value is the corresponding file path.

But the problem is, the function's implementation isn't provided. The user hasn't given any code to work with. So I need to create a placeholder implementation.

Since the function is supposed to return a dictionary, maybe it's iterating over the inventory and mapping each state to its file path. But without knowing the structure of the inventory, I'll have to make assumptions.

Perhaps the inventory is a list or a dictionary where each element represents a state. For example, each state might have a 'file_path' key. So the function could loop through each item in the inventory, extract the 'file_path' value, and build a dictionary.

Wait, but the function's parameters are inventory and version. The version might be used to determine the version of the file path or something else. But the docstring doesn't mention that. Maybe the version is a parameter that's used in the path construction, but the function's implementation isn't specified.

Since the user hasn't provided any code, I need to generate a plausible implementation. Let's assume that the inventory is a list of dictionaries, each containing a 'state' key and a 'file_path' key. Then, the function would create a dictionary where each state is a key, and the file path is the value.

But without knowing the exact structure, I'll have to make some assumptions. Let's say the inventory is a list of dictionaries, and each dictionary has a 'state' and 'file_path' key. Then, the function would loop through each item in the inventory, add the state as a key and the file path as the value to the result dictionary.

So the code would look something like this:

def get_logical_path_map(inventory, version):
    logical_path_map = {}
    for item in inventory:
        logical_path_map[item['state']] = item['file_path']
    return logical_path_map

But wait, the function's parameters are inventory and version. The version might be used in the file path. For example, maybe the file path includes the version. But since the docstring doesn't mention that, maybe the version is just a parameter that's not used in the implementation. Or perhaps it's part of the inventory structure.

Alternatively, maybe the version is used to generate the path, but without knowing how, I can't include that. The user's docstring doesn't mention it, so perhaps it's not used in the code.

So the code would proceed as above, assuming that the inventory is a list of dictionaries with 'state' and 'file_path' keys.

But the user might have a different structure. However, since the problem is to generate the code based on the given function signature and docstring, and the user hasn't provided any other info, this seems like the best approach.

So the final code would be the function that loops through the inventory, builds the dictionary, and returns it.
