
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called base_config, and it takes user, etcd_host, and etcd_port as parameters. The docstring says it creates a configuration with some parameters like "tls", "authentication", "authorization", "etcd", "docs", and "log".

First, I need to figure out what the function is supposed to do. The docstring mentions creating a configuration, so probably the function is setting up some default values for these parameters. The parameters include etcd_host and etcd_port, which are default to localhost and 2379. The other parameters like tls, authentication, authorization, etcd, docs, log are part of the configuration.

Wait, the function's parameters are user, etcd_host, etcd_port. The docstring lists the key parameters as "tls", "authentication", "authorization", "etcd", "docs", and "log". But the function's parameters don't include those. So maybe the function is supposed to create a config dictionary with those keys, using the provided etcd_host and etcd_port, and maybe the user is a parameter that's used somewhere else?

But the function's parameters are user, etcd_host, etcd_port. The docstring mentions the key parameters, but the function's parameters don't include those. So perhaps the function is supposed to create a config dictionary with those keys, and the user is a parameter that's used in the config? Or maybe the user is a parameter that's passed to the function, but not used in the config?

Hmm. The function's docstring says "creates a configuration with some simple parameters, the key parameters contains 'tls', 'authentication', 'authorization', 'etcd', 'docs', and 'log'." So the function is supposed to create a config dictionary with those keys. But the parameters of the function are user, etcd_host, etcd_port. So maybe the user is a parameter that's used in the config, but the function is just setting up the defaults?

Wait, the function's parameters are user, etcd_host, etcd_port. The docstring mentions the key parameters, which are tls, authentication, authorization, etcd, docs, log. So perhaps the function is supposed to create a config dictionary with those keys, and the user is a parameter that's used in the config? Or maybe the user is a parameter that's not used here?

But the function's parameters include user, which is not mentioned in the key parameters. So maybe the user is a parameter that's passed to the function, but not used in the config. Or perhaps the user is a parameter that's used in the config, but the function is just setting up defaults.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a larger class, and the user is an instance variable or something. But the problem statement says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, without any explanation.

So the task is to generate the code for the function base_config, which creates a configuration with the specified parameters. The function's parameters are user, etcd_host, etcd_port. The docstring says the key parameters are tls, authentication, authorization, etcd, docs, log. So the function should return a dictionary with those keys, possibly using the provided etcd_host and etcd_port, and maybe the user is a parameter that's used in the config.

But how? The user is not in the key parameters. So maybe the user is a parameter that's passed to the function, but not used in the config. Or perhaps the user is a parameter that's used in the config, but the function is just setting up defaults.

Alternatively, maybe the user is a parameter that's used in the config, but the function is supposed to create a config with the user's name or something. But the docstring doesn't mention that.

Wait, the function's parameters are user, etcd_host, etcd_port. The docstring says the key parameters are the ones listed. So perhaps the function is supposed to create a config dictionary with those keys, and the user is a parameter that's not used here. So the function would return a dictionary with the keys tls, authentication, authorization, etcd, docs, log, and maybe the user is a parameter that's passed but not used.

But how to handle the user parameter? Maybe the user is a parameter that's not used in the function, so the function can just ignore it. Or maybe the user is a parameter that's used in the config, but the function is supposed to create a config with the user's name or something.

But the problem says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. So the function is supposed to create a configuration with the key parameters, and the parameters are user, etcd_host, etcd_port. So the function would create a config dictionary with the keys tls, authentication, authorization, etcd, docs, log, and maybe the user is a parameter that's not used.

So the code would be:

def base_config(user, etcd_host="localhost", etcd_port=2379):
    config = {
        "tls": True,
        "authentication": "basic",
        "authorization": "role-based",
        "etcd": {
            "host": etcd_host,
            "port": etcd_port
        },
        "docs": "https://example.com/docs",
        "log": "console"
    }
    return config

Wait, but the user is a parameter. The docstring says the key parameters are the ones listed. So maybe the user is a parameter that's not used here. So the function would return a config dictionary with the keys, and the user is ignored.

But the function's parameters include user, so the code would have to include that. But the user is not used in the config. So the code would be as above.

Alternatively, maybe the user is a parameter that's used in the config. For example, maybe the user is the name of the configuration, but the docstring doesn't mention that. So the function would create a config with the keys, and the user is just a parameter that's passed but not used.

So the code would be as I wrote earlier. The user is not used in the function, so it's just ignored.

So the final code would be the function with the parameters and the config dictionary.
