
Okay, I need to write the normalize_cmd function based on the given signature and docstring. Let me think about what this function is supposed to do.

The docstring says it's supposed to complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form. Hmm, "complement the full path" might mean something like making sure the path is correctly formatted, maybe adding the necessary directories or handling cases where the path is missing parts. But the function takes a tuple of strings, which are probably parts of the command, like command name and arguments.

Wait, the function is part of a larger context involving parse_filename, find_executable, normexe, and normalize_cmd. Maybe normalize_cmd is supposed to handle the command line arguments by normalizing their paths. For example, ensuring that the full path is correctly resolved, maybe by replacing relative paths with absolute paths or handling cases where the path is missing.

But the function's docstring is a bit vague. Let me think of possible scenarios. Suppose the input is a tuple like ('python', 'script.py'), and the function needs to normalize the path. But if the path is relative, maybe it's supposed to resolve it based on the environment variables or current working directory. However, the function's parameters are a tuple of strings, so maybe the function is supposed to process each element of the tuple to normalize their paths.

Wait, the function's name is normalize_cmd, which might be part of a larger system where commands are processed. For example, in some systems, you have to normalize the command's path to ensure it's correct. But without more context, I need to make assumptions.

Looking at the imported packages: os and __future__ typing. The __future__ typing might be for type hints, but the function's parameters are already typed as a tuple of str.

The function's purpose is to "complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form". Maybe "complement" here means that the function is supposed to take a command (like a command and its arguments) and normalize the path parts. For example, if the command is 'python script.py', the function might resolve the path to the actual executable, but the docstring says to return it in its original form. Wait, that's confusing. If the function is supposed to normalize the path, maybe it's supposed to take the command and its arguments, normalize the paths, and return them as a tuple.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a process where the command is being parsed, and the function is responsible for normalizing the command's path parts. For example, if the command is 'python script.py', the function might normalize the path to 'script.py' if it's a relative path, or resolve it to an absolute path.

But how to implement this? Let's think of possible steps. The function takes a tuple of strings, which are the command and arguments. For each element in the tuple, maybe we need to normalize the path. For example, if the element is a relative path, convert it to an absolute path using os.path.abspath, but then return it in its original form? That doesn't make sense. Or maybe the function is supposed to take the command and arguments, normalize their paths, and return them as a tuple.

Wait, the docstring says "complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form". Maybe "complement" here refers to making sure that the path is correctly formed, perhaps by adding the necessary directories. For example, if the command is 'script' without a path, the function might add the current directory or a specific path.

But without more context, I need to make an educated guess. Let's consider that the function is supposed to normalize the paths in the command tuple. For each element in the tuple, perhaps we need to resolve the path to an absolute path, but then return it as a string. However, the function returns a tuple of strings, so maybe each element is processed individually.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a process where the command is being parsed, and the function is responsible for normalizing the command's path parts. For example, if the command is 'python script.py', the function might normalize the path to 'script.py' if it's a relative path, or resolve it to an absolute path.

But how to implement this? Let's think of the steps:

1. For each element in the command tuple, check if it's a path.
2. If it's a relative path, resolve it to an absolute path using os.path.abspath.
3. Then, return the normalized path as a string.
4. But the function returns a tuple of strings, so maybe each element is processed similarly.

But the function's parameters are a tuple of str, and the return is a tuple of str. So perhaps the function is supposed to process each element in the tuple, normalize their paths, and return them as a tuple.

But how to handle the case where the path is already absolute? For example, if the element is 'C:\\path\\to\\file', the function might leave it as is. But if it's a relative path, resolve it.

So, the code could be something like:

def normalize_cmd(cmd: tuple[str, ...]) -> tuple[str, ...]:
    return tuple(os.path.abspath(part) for part in cmd)

But wait, the docstring says "complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form". If the function is supposed to normalize the path, then perhaps the original form is the normalized path. But the docstring says "return it in its original form", which is confusing. Maybe the function is supposed to take the command and arguments, normalize their paths, and return them as a tuple. For example, if the command is 'script.py', the function might return 'script.py' as is, but if it's a relative path, it would resolve to an absolute path.

But the docstring is a bit ambiguous. However, given the function's name and the context, the most straightforward approach is to normalize each path in the command tuple to an absolute path using os.path.abspath. So the code would be:

import os

def normalize_cmd(cmd: tuple[str, ...]) -> tuple[str, ...]:
    return tuple(os.path.abspath(part) for part in cmd)

But wait, the function's docstring says "complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form". If the function is supposed to complement the path, maybe it's supposed to take the command and arguments, normalize their paths, and return them as a tuple. For example, if the command is 'script.py', the function would return 'script.py' as is, but if it's a relative path, it would resolve to an absolute path. However, the docstring says "return it in its original form", which suggests that the function is supposed to return the normalized path as the original form. That's a bit confusing.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a process where the command is being parsed, and the function is supposed to normalize the command's path parts. For example, if the command is 'python script.py', the function might normalize the path to 'script.py' if it's a relative path, but leave it as is if it's absolute.

But without more context, the safest approach is to implement the normalization of each path to an absolute path using os.path.abspath. So the code would be as above.

Another possibility: the function is supposed to take the command and arguments, normalize their paths, and return them as a tuple. For example, if the command is ('script', 'file.py'), the function would return ('script', 'file.py') if they are already absolute, or resolve them to absolute paths.

So the code would be:

import os

def normalize_cmd(cmd: tuple[str, ...]) -> tuple[str, ...]:
    return tuple(os.path.abspath(part) for part in cmd)

But the docstring says "complement the full path to exe and return it in its original form". Maybe "complement" here refers to making sure that the path is correctly formed, perhaps by adding the necessary directories. For example, if the path is missing a directory, it's added. But that's more complex.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to take the command and arguments, normalize their paths, and return them as a tuple. So the code is as above.

Therefore, the final code would be the function that applies os.path.abspath to each element of the command tuple.
