
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the 'from_raw_values' method based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function does.

The docstring says that the method creates a Bookmarks object from a list of raw bookmark string values. So, the function takes a class method 'cls' and a parameter 'values', which is a list of strings. The goal is to convert these raw values into a Bookmarks object.

First, I need to figure out how the Bookmarks class is structured. Since the method is part of a class, I assume that the Bookmarks class has some attributes or methods that need to be initialized. But the problem doesn't provide the class definition, so I have to make assumptions.

Typically, a Bookmarks object might have a list of bookmarks, maybe stored as a list or a tuple. The 'from_raw_values' method would take the list of strings and create an instance of Bookmarks, probably by initializing the bookmarks attribute.

So, the method would take the 'values' list, maybe split them into individual bookmarks, and then create a Bookmarks instance. But how exactly?

Wait, the function is a class method, so it's probably something like:

def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    # create a Bookmarks object from the values list
    # maybe initialize the bookmarks attribute

But without knowing the exact structure of the Bookmarks class, I need to make reasonable assumptions. Let's assume that the Bookmarks class has a constructor that takes a list of bookmarks. So, the method would create a new Bookmarks instance with the given values.

So, the code would be something like:

def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    return cls(values)

But wait, maybe the Bookmarks class has a __init__ method that takes the values. For example, if the Bookmarks class is defined as:

class Bookmarks:
    def __init__(self, bookmarks):
        self.bookmarks = bookmarks

Then, the method would simply return cls(values), which would create a new Bookmarks instance with the values list.

But the problem says that the function is part of a class, and the user hasn't provided the class definition. So, the code should be written in a way that assumes that the Bookmarks class has a constructor that takes a list of bookmarks.

Therefore, the method would create a new Bookmarks object by passing the 'values' list to the class's constructor.

So the code would be:

def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    return cls(values)

But maybe the Bookmarks class has a different constructor. For example, if it's initialized with a list of strings, then the method would just pass the values to the constructor.

Alternatively, if the Bookmarks class has a method to parse the values, but since the docstring doesn't mention that, I should stick to the simplest approach.

Another possibility is that the Bookmarks class has a list attribute, and the method is initializing that. But without knowing the exact structure, the safest approach is to assume that the Bookmarks class has a constructor that takes a list of bookmarks.

Therefore, the code would be:

def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    return cls(values)

But I need to make sure that the code is correct. Let me check if there are any other steps. For example, maybe the values need to be converted into some format, but the docstring says "raw bookmark string values", so perhaps they are already in the correct format.

So, the code is straightforward. The method returns a new Bookmarks instance created with the 'values' list.
