
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the _dump_string function based on the given signature and docstring. The user mentioned that the function should use the yaml module. Let me think about how to approach this.

The function is called _dump_string and takes obj and an optional dumper. The docstring says it's supposed to serialize the object into a YAML stream. So the goal is to use the yaml module's dump function, probably with a default dumper.

Wait, the default dumper in yaml is the one that handles the serialization. So the function should use yaml.dump, but maybe the dumper parameter is for customizing the serialization process. However, the user's docstring says that the function returns a YAML stream, which suggests that the default dumper is used.

But the function's parameter is dumper=None, which implies that if not provided, the default dumper is used. So the code should use the default dumper, but perhaps the function is supposed to handle that.

Wait, the user's example shows that the function is supposed to generate code that uses the yaml module. So the code would be something like:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper)

But wait, the dumper parameter is optional. So if dumper is None, the default dumper is used. However, the function's docstring says that the return is a YAML stream. So the code would be to call yaml.dump with the obj and the dumper parameter.

But wait, the function is named _dump_string, which is a private method. But the user's instruction says to generate the code, not to consider the class context. The context says that the function is within a class, but the user hasn't provided the class. So perhaps the code is just the function definition.

So the code would be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper)

But wait, the dumper parameter is optional. So if dumper is not provided, the default dumper is used. But the function's docstring says that the dumper is optional. So the code would correctly handle that.

But maybe the function is supposed to use the default dumper, so the code can just call yaml.dump. However, the function's parameter is dumper=None, which suggests that the function can take a dumper argument. So the code would include that.

Therefore, the correct code is to import yaml and use yaml.dump with the obj and dumper parameter. So the code would be as follows.
