
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the validate_choices_args method based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me start by looking at the parameters and the docstring.

The function is part of a class, and the docstring says it checks if the given args have values that are one of the available choices. The parameters are 'args', which is the received arguments. The docstring mentions that it's part of a larger class with various other methods, but the main focus here is on the validate_choices_args method.

First, I need to implement the validate_choices_args function. The docstring indicates that it's checking if the values in 'args' are in the available choices. But what exactly are the available choices? The problem statement doesn't provide specific details, so I'll assume that the available choices are defined somewhere else in the class or passed as a parameter. However, since the function is standalone, maybe the available choices are stored in a variable or a parameter that's not shown here.

Wait, looking at the context provided, the function is part of a class, and the imports include string, os, collections, six, infrared. But the actual code for validate_choices_args isn't given. Since the user hasn't provided the implementation, I need to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring.

The function's purpose is to validate that the arguments are in the allowed choices. So, the code would likely check each argument's value against a set of allowed values. But how to do that?

Assuming that the available choices are stored in a variable, maybe called 'choices' or something similar. But since the function is part of a class, perhaps the choices are stored in the class's attributes. However, without knowing the exact structure, I'll have to make an assumption.

Alternatively, maybe the available choices are passed as a parameter, but the function signature doesn't show that. The function's parameters are just 'args', so perhaps the choices are part of the 'args' object or a separate variable.

Wait, the function is called validate_choices_args, and the parameters are 'args'. The docstring says "Check if value of the given args is one of the available choices." So, the 'args' here might be a dictionary of arguments, and the function needs to check each key's value against the available choices.

But how to get the available choices? Maybe the choices are stored in a variable, like 'choices' in the class. But since the function is standalone, perhaps the code will check each argument's value against a predefined set of allowed values.

Alternatively, maybe the available choices are determined by some other method. But without more context, I'll have to proceed with a general approach.

So, the code would iterate over the arguments in 'args' and check each value against the allowed choices. If any value is not in the choices, it would raise an error.

But how to implement this in Python. Let's think.

Assuming that 'args' is a dictionary, and the available choices are stored in a variable, say 'choices'. Then, for each key in args, check if the value is in choices.

But since the function is part of a class, perhaps the choices are stored in the class's attributes. For example, the class might have a 'choices' attribute that holds the allowed values.

But since the user hasn't provided the class structure, I'll have to make an assumption. Let's say that the available choices are stored in a variable called 'choices' within the class.

So, the code would look something like:

def validate_choices_args(self, args):
    # Check each argument's value against the available choices
    for key, value in args.items():
        if value not in self.choices:
            raise ValueError(f"Invalid value for {key}: {value} is not a valid choice.")

But wait, the function is part of a class, and the 'choices' might be a list or a set. Also, the function might need to handle multiple choices, but the docstring doesn't specify that.

Alternatively, maybe the available choices are determined by some other method, like a function that returns the allowed values. But without that info, I can't know.

Another possibility is that the 'args' parameter is a list of arguments, and the function checks each argument against a set of allowed values. But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Given the lack of specific information, the most straightforward approach is to assume that the available choices are stored in the class's 'choices' attribute, and that the function checks each argument's value against this set.

So, the code would be:

def validate_choices_args(self, args):
    """
    Check if value of the given args is one of the available choices.
    """
    for key, value in args.items():
        if value not in self.choices:
            raise ValueError(f"Invalid value for {key}: {value} is not a valid choice.")

But wait, the function's docstring mentions "the given args", which could be a list of arguments, not a dictionary. However, the function's parameters are 'args', which is a parameter, so it's likely a dictionary.

But the user's context includes methods like self.generate_answers_file, which might involve processing arguments. However, without more context, I'll proceed with the assumption that 'args' is a dictionary.

Another thing to consider: the function might need to handle multiple choices, but the docstring doesn't specify that. So, the code will check each value against the choices.

Therefore, the generated code would be as above. However, the user's context includes other methods like self.validate_min_max_args, which might have similar logic. But the current task is just to generate the validate_choices_args function.

So, the final code would be the function as described, with the docstring as given.
