
Okay, I need to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me start by looking at the function definition.

The function is called _run_playbook and takes three parameters: cli_args, vars_dict, ir_workspace, and ir_plugin. The docstring explains that it runs an Ansible CLI with the provided variables and returns the results.

First, I should check if the necessary imports are present. The function uses Ansible's playbook execution, so I'll need to import the necessary modules. The main ones would be from ansible import playbook, but maybe also from ansible.playbook import Playbook, etc. However, the user mentioned that the imported packages are within the file, so I need to make sure the code includes the required imports.

Wait, the user provided a placeholder for the imported packages. The original code doesn't have any imports, so I need to add them. The function is part of a class, so perhaps the class has the necessary imports. But the user hasn't provided the class structure, so I'll assume that the necessary imports are already in place or that the code will include them.

Next, the function needs to run the Ansible CLI. The cli_args is a list of command line arguments. The vars_dict is passed as extra-vars. So, the function should construct the command line command with the playbook and variables.

In Ansible, the playbook is usually run with the -i flag for inventory, but the user might have a specific setup. However, the function parameters don't include the playbook path, so maybe the playbook is determined by the ir_workspace or some other context. But since the parameters are given, I'll proceed with the given parameters.

The function returns the ansible results. So, the code will need to execute the playbook using the cli_args, pass the variables, and return the results.

I'll need to use the Ansible API. For example, using the ansible.playbook module. But since the function is part of a class, perhaps the code will use the Playbook class.

Wait, the function is a method, so it's part of a class. The code will need to import the necessary modules. Let me think about the steps:

1. Import the necessary modules from Ansible. For example, from ansible import playbook, playbook, etc. But the exact modules might vary. However, the user hasn't provided the exact imports, so I'll have to assume that the required modules are imported.

2. Construct the command line command. The cli_args is a list, so perhaps the command is something like ['ansible', '-i', 'inventory', 'playbook', ...]. But the exact command depends on the context. Since the function is part of a class, maybe the playbook is determined by the ir_workspace. But the parameters are given, so I'll proceed with the given parameters.

3. Use the vars_dict to pass the extra variables. So, the command line arguments would include --extra-vars or similar flags.

4. Execute the playbook and return the results. The results can be obtained using the ansible.playbook.Playbook class.

Putting this together, the code might look like:

from ansible import playbook, playbook

def _run_playbook(cli_args, vars_dict, ir_workspace, ir_plugin):
    # Construct the command line command
    command = ['ansible', '-i', 'inventory', 'playbook']
    # Add the vars_dict as extra-vars
    command.extend(['--extra-vars', f'{"=".join([f"{k}={v}" for k, v in vars_dict.items()])}'])
    # Execute the command and return the results
    results = playbook.Playbook(command)
    return results

But I need to make sure that the imports are present. Also, the function is part of a class, so the class might have the necessary imports. However, the user hasn't provided the class structure, so I'll include the necessary imports.

Wait, the user said "Imported Packages: Within file: Within class: " but didn't provide the actual code. So, I need to assume that the necessary imports are already in place or that the code will include them.

In the code, the function will use the Ansible modules. So, the imports would be:

from ansible import playbook, playbook

But perhaps the actual modules are different. However, the user hasn't provided the exact modules, so I'll proceed with the standard Ansible modules.

Another consideration: the ir_workspace and ir_plugin parameters. The function is part of a class, so the code might use those objects to determine the playbook path or other parameters. But since the parameters are given, the code will use them as is.

So, the final code would include the necessary imports and the function implementation.
