
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the verify_relayable_signature function based on the given docstring. Let me start by understanding what this function is supposed to do.

The docstring says it's verifying the signed XML elements to confirm the claimed author generated the message. So, the function probably checks if the provided signature is valid for the given public key and document.

First, I need to think about how to verify a signature in Python. Typically, this would involve using a cryptographic library like PyCryptodome or another library that handles RSA signatures. The public key is likely an RSA key, so the function would need to verify the signature using the public key.

The parameters are public_key, doc, and signature. The public_key is probably a PEM-encoded RSA key, and the doc is the XML document that was signed. The signature is the hash of the document that was signed by the author.

So, the steps would be:

1. Load the public key from the provided public_key.
2. Take the document (doc) and compute its hash.
3. Verify that the signature matches the hash computed from the document using the public key.

But wait, how does the document get hashed? The doc parameter is an XML element, so maybe it's a string or a bytes object. The function needs to process the document to compute its hash.

Assuming that the document is a string, I can use a hash function like SHA-256. So, the code would take the doc, encode it to bytes, compute the hash, then verify the signature.

But how to handle the public key? The public_key is probably a RSA key object. So, the function would need to use the public_key's verify method.

Wait, the public key is likely in PEM format. So, I need to load it using a library like cryptography. For example, using the cryptography.hazmat.primitives.asymmetric.rsa.RSAPublicKey class.

So, the code would:

- Import the necessary modules, like cryptography.hazmat.primitives.asymmetric.rsa.RSAPublicKey.
- Load the public key from the public_key parameter.
- Compute the hash of the document (doc).
- Verify the signature against the hash using the public key.

But the function's parameters are public_key, doc, and signature. The signature is the actual signature value. So, the function would need to check if the signature matches the hash of the document when verified with the public key.

Wait, but how does the signature get verified? The signature is a hash of the document, so the process is:

- Compute the hash of the document (doc).
- Sign the hash with the private key (but the public key is given here, so maybe the signature is already signed with the private key, and we need to verify it with the public key).

Wait, the function's purpose is to verify that the signature is correct. So, the steps would be:

1. Compute the hash of the document (doc).
2. Sign the hash with the private key (but the public key is provided here, so maybe the signature is already signed with the private key, and we need to verify it with the public key).

Wait, but the function's parameters are public_key, doc, and signature. So, the public_key is the public key used to sign the document, and the signature is the one provided. So, the function needs to verify that the signature is correct for the public key and the document.

So, the steps are:

- Take the document (doc) and compute its hash (e.g., SHA-256).
- Take the signature and verify that it matches the hash computed from the document using the public key.

But how does the public key come into play here? The public key is used to verify the signature. So, the process is:

- The document is signed with the private key, and the signature is the result.
- The public key is used to verify that the signature is correct for the document.

But in this function, the public_key is provided, so perhaps the function is assuming that the public key is the one that was used to sign the document, and the signature is the one that was provided. So, the function needs to verify that the signature is valid for the public key and the document.

So, the code would:

- Compute the hash of the document (doc).
- Use the public key to verify the signature against the hash.

But how to compute the hash? The doc could be a string, so we can encode it to bytes, then compute the hash.

So, the code would look something like:

from cryptography.hazmat.primitives import hashes
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives.asymmetric import rsa
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives import serialization

def verify_relayable_signature(public_key, doc, signature):
    # Load the public key
    public_key = serialization.load_pem_public_key(public_key)
    
    # Compute the hash of the document
    doc_bytes = doc.encode('utf-8')
    hash_obj = hashes.Hash(hashes.SHA256(), backend=default_backend())
    hash_obj.update(doc_bytes)
    hash_value = hash_obj.finalize()
    
    # Verify the signature
    public_key.verify(signature, hash_value, signature_algorithm=rsa.RSASSA_PSS_SIGNATURE)
    
    return True

Wait, but the signature is a byte string, so the verify method would need to take the signature and the hash. Also, the signature algorithm might need to be specified.

But the exact implementation details depend on the library used. For example, in the cryptography library, the verify method might require the signature to be in a specific format.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to use a specific signature algorithm, like RSA-PSS, which is commonly used for signatures.

But the code above is a general outline. However, the function's parameters are public_key, doc, and signature. The public_key is a PEM-encoded RSA key, and the signature is the actual signature value.

So, the code would need to:

- Load the public key.
- Compute the hash of the document.
- Verify the signature against the hash using the public key.

But the exact implementation might vary based on the library. For example, in the cryptography library, the verify method might require the signature to be in a specific format, like a bytes object, and the hash to be computed with a specific algorithm.

So, putting it all together, the code would be:

Import the necessary modules, load the public key, compute the hash, verify the signature.

But the user said not to include any explanation, reasoning, or markdown. So, the code must be written in Python, using the required imports and functions.

So, the final code would look like:

from cryptography.hazmat.primitives import hashes
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives.asymmetric import rsa
from cryptography.hazmat.backends import default_backend
from cryptography.hazmat.primitives.serialization import load_pem_public_key

def verify_relayable_signature(public_key, doc, signature):
    public_key = load_pem_public_key(public_key, backend=default_backend())
    doc_bytes = doc.encode('utf-8')
    hash_obj = hashes.Hash(hashes.SHA256(), backend=default_backend())
    hash_obj.update(doc_bytes)
    hash_value = hash_obj.finalize()
    public_key.verify(signature, hash_value, signature_algorithm=rsa.RSASSA_PSS_SIGNATURE)
    return True

But I need to make sure that the signature is in the correct format. Also, the signature algorithm might need to be specified. For example, in the cryptography library, the verify method might require the signature to be in a specific format, like a bytes object, and the hash to be computed with a specific algorithm.

Another thing to consider is that the signature might be in a different format, like a DER-encoded bytes, but the function's parameters are given as a string, so perhaps the code is assuming that the signature is already in the correct format.

Alternatively, maybe the function is using a different approach, like using the public key to verify the signature, but the exact implementation details are not clear.

In any case, the code must include the necessary imports and the logic to verify the signature.
