
Okay, let's tackle this problem. The user wants me to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called get_silent_args and takes 'args' as a parameter. The docstring says it returns a list of silenced argument names.

Looking at the context provided, there are several imports and classes involved. But the main task is to implement the get_silent_args function. However, the context seems to be part of a larger class, possibly a parser or argument handler. 

The function's purpose is to return a list of silenced arguments. But how are these silenced arguments determined? The docstring doesn't specify, so I need to infer based on the context. 

In the context, there's a mention of validate_min_max_args, validate_choices_args, and other validation functions. Maybe the silenced arguments are those that are not required or are marked as such in the arguments. But without specific code, I have to make assumptions.

Since the function is part of a class, perhaps the implementation is within that class. The function is called get_silent_args, and the parameters are 'args'. The return type is a list.

In Python, a function that returns a list could be implemented by checking some conditions. For example, maybe the silenced arguments are those that are not required, or are deprecated, or have certain flags set.

But since the context includes various methods like validate_arg_deprecation, validate_min_max_args, etc., perhaps the silenced arguments are those that are marked as deprecated or not required. However, without specific code, I need to create a plausible implementation.

A possible approach is to return a list of argument names that are silenced, perhaps based on some criteria. For example, if the arguments are not required, or are deprecated, or have certain flags.

But since the function is part of a class, maybe the implementation is using the args object's attributes. For instance, if the args object has a method to get silenced arguments, but the function is named get_silent_args, perhaps it's a helper method.

Alternatively, maybe the silenced arguments are those that are not part of the CLI arguments, but that's not clear.

Given the lack of specific information, I'll have to make a best guess. Let's assume that the silenced arguments are those that are not required and are not part of the CLI. But that's just a guess.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to return a list of argument names that are silenced, which could be determined by checking if they are not required or are deprecated.

In code, perhaps the function returns an empty list by default, but that's not helpful. Alternatively, maybe it's a placeholder.

But the user wants the code generated, so I need to write the function as per the signature and docstring.

The function is:

def get_silent_args(self, args):
	"""
	list of silenced argument

:param args: The received arguments.
:return: list, slienced argument names
	"""

So, the function is supposed to return a list of silenced argument names. The parameters are 'args', which is passed to the function.

In the context, there's a mention of self.resolve_custom_types, which might be part of the class's methods. But the function itself is just returning a list.

Since the user hasn't provided the actual implementation, but just the signature and docstring, the code would be a simple function that returns an empty list, or perhaps a list based on some logic.

But since the context includes methods like validate_arg_deprecation, maybe the silenced arguments are those that are deprecated. So, perhaps the function returns the list of deprecated arguments.

But without knowing the exact logic, it's hard to say. However, the user wants the code generated, so I'll have to write a function that returns a list of silenced arguments, perhaps based on some criteria.

In Python, a simple implementation could be:

def get_silent_args(self, args):
    # Assume that silenced arguments are those that are not required and are deprecated
    # For example, return a list of deprecated arguments
    # But since the actual logic isn't provided, this is a placeholder
    return []

But perhaps the actual implementation is more complex. However, given the information, this is the best I can do.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to return the list of arguments that are not part of the CLI, but that's not clear.

Another approach: since the function is part of a class, perhaps the silenced arguments are determined by the args object's attributes. For example, if the args object has a method to get silenced arguments, but the function is named get_silent_args.

But without knowing the exact logic, I'll have to make an assumption.

So, the code would be:

def get_silent_args(self, args):
    """
    list of silenced argument names

    :param args: The received arguments.
    :return: list, slienced argument names
    """
    # Placeholder implementation
    return []

But the user might expect a more sophisticated implementation. However, given the information, this is the best possible answer.
