
Okay, I need to write a Python function called os_is_mac() that checks if the operating system is macOS. Let me think about how to do this.

First, I remember that Python's os module has functions to check the system. The os.name variable gives the name of the operating system. For example, os.name is 'posix' for Unix-based systems, including macOS. But wait, on macOS, the os.name is 'posix', but the platform module might have more specific information.

Wait, the problem is to check if it's macOS. So maybe I should use the platform module. The platform.mac_ver() function returns a tuple with the macOS version. If the version is present, then it's macOS. But I need to check if it's macOS, not just any Unix-like system.

Alternatively, the os.name is 'macosx' for macOS. Let me check. Oh right, on macOS, the os.name is 'posix', but the platform module's platform.mac_os_version() might return something. Wait, the platform module has platform.mac_os_version(), which returns a string like '10.15.7' for macOS Big Sur. So if that's not None, then it's macOS.

So the function could check if platform.mac_os_version() is not None. But wait, on some systems, like Linux, platform.mac_os_version() might return None. So perhaps the correct approach is to check if the os.name is 'macosx' or 'darwin'. Wait, os.name is 'posix' for macOS, but the platform module's platform.mac_os_version() would return the version string.

Wait, let me think. The os.name is 'posix' for macOS, but the platform module's platform.mac_os_version() returns a string. So maybe the correct approach is to check if platform.mac_os_version() is not None. But how to handle that.

Alternatively, maybe using the platform module's platform.system() function. For example, platform.system() returns 'Darwin' for macOS. So if platform.system() is 'Darwin', then it's macOS.

Yes, that's a better approach. Because os.name is 'posix' for macOS, but platform.system() returns 'Darwin' for macOS. So the function can check if platform.system() == 'Darwin'.

So the code would be:

import platform

def os_is_mac():
    return platform.system() == 'Darwin'

But wait, what about other systems that have 'Darwin' as their system name? Like, for example, iOS devices. But the problem is to check if the OS is macOS, which is the Apple operating system. So perhaps the function should check if the system is macOS, which is 'Darwin' as the system name.

Yes, that seems correct. So the code would be:

import platform

def os_is_mac():
    return platform.system() == 'Darwin'

But I need to make sure that this works. Let me test in my mind. On macOS, platform.system() is 'Darwin', so returns True. On Linux, it's 'Linux', so returns False. On Windows, 'Windows', so returns False. So that's correct.

So the function is straightforward. The docstring says it returns a bool, True if macOS, else False. So the code is as above.
