
Okay, I need to write a Python function called match that checks if the given filename is of type 'doxyfile' in lowercase. Let me think about how to approach this.

The function takes a filename as an argument. The docstring says to return True if the lowercase version of the filename is 'doxyfile'. So the main task is to check the lowercase of the filename.

Wait, but what exactly is the 'type' here? The docstring mentions checking the type, but the example might be that the filename ends with .doxyfile? Or maybe the filename is exactly 'doxyfile' in lowercase? The docstring says "the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'". Hmm, maybe the function is supposed to check if the filename is exactly 'doxyfile' when lowercased. But maybe the actual check is whether the filename ends with .doxyfile? Or perhaps the function is supposed to check if the filename is a doxyfile file, which might have a specific extension.

Wait, the docstring says "the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'". So maybe the function is supposed to check if the filename, when lowercased, is exactly 'doxyfile'. So for example, if the filename is 'Doxyfile', then lowercasing it would be 'doxyfile', which matches. But if it's 'doxyfile', then it's exactly matching.

So the function would check if the lowercase version of the filename equals 'doxyfile'. So the code would be something like:

return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

But wait, maybe the function is supposed to check if the filename is a doxyfile file, which might have a specific extension. Like, maybe the filename ends with .doxyfile. But the docstring says "the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'", which suggests that the filename is exactly 'doxyfile' in lowercase. So perhaps the function is simply checking if the lowercase of the filename is 'doxyfile'.

So the code would be straightforward. The function would take the filename, convert it to lowercase, and check if it equals 'doxyfile'. If yes, return True; else, False.

So the code would be:

def match(filename):
    return filename.lower() == 'doxyfile'

That's it. No other logic is needed. The function is simple. Let me check the docstring again. The docstring says "Check if the type of the given filename is 'doxyfile'". So the function is checking if the filename's lowercase is 'doxyfile'. So the code is as above.
