
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function file_to_textbuffer based on the given signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do.

The function takes two parameters: file_name and encoding. The docstring says it loads a file into a text buffer. So the goal is to read the content of the file and return a text buffer, maybe a string or a buffer object.

First, I need to figure out how to read the file. In Python, opening a file can be done using open(), and then reading the contents with .read() or .readlines(). But the return type isn't specified. The docstring mentions a "text buffer," which could be a string or perhaps a buffer object like a StringIO or a BytesIO, but since the encoding is provided, it's likely a string.

Wait, the function is supposed to load the file into a text buffer. So the return value should be the content of the file as a string, decoded with the given encoding. So the steps would be:

1. Open the file in the specified encoding.
2. Read the entire content.
3. Return the content as a string.

But how to handle the encoding? The encoding parameter is passed, so we need to use that. So the code would be something like:

with open(file_name, encoding=encoding) as f:
    content = f.read()
return content

But wait, the function is supposed to return a text buffer. If the text buffer is a string, then that's straightforward. However, if the text buffer is a different object, like a buffer from a library, but the docstring doesn't specify, so probably just return the content as a string.

So the code would be:

def file_to_textbuffer(file_name, encoding):
    """Load a file toward a text buffer"""
    with open(file_name, encoding=encoding) as f:
        return f.read()

But wait, what if the file is not found? Well, the function is supposed to handle that, but the problem doesn't mention error handling. So the code just opens the file and returns the content.

Yes, that seems right. So the code is as above.
