
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function _validate_labels. The docstring says it checks that keys and values in the labels are valid by calling validate_key and validate_value. 

First, I should figure out what the function does. The function takes a labels parameter. The docstring mentions that it uses validate_key and validate_value on the keys and values. But wait, the function isn't given, so I need to assume what those functions do.

Wait, the user hasn't provided the validate_key and validate_value functions. So maybe the code should call those functions on each key and value in the labels dictionary. But how?

So, the function _validate_labels needs to iterate over each key-value pair in the labels dictionary. For each key and value, call validate_key and validate_value. But wait, the docstring says "Check that keys and values in the given labels by validate_key() and validate_value()." So maybe for each key and value, we call both functions?

Wait, but the function is named _validate_labels, which suggests it's a private method. So the code would be something like:

def _validate_labels(labels):
    for key, value in labels.items():
        validate_key(key)
        validate_value(value)

But then, the user hasn't provided the validate_key and validate_value functions. So perhaps the code is supposed to call those functions, but since they are not provided, the code would just be the structure.

Wait, but the user's instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code must include the implementation. But since the validate_key and validate_value are not provided, maybe the code is just the structure, but the user expects that the functions are implemented elsewhere.

But the user's instruction says to generate the code, not to assume the functions. So perhaps the code is just the function definition with the loop, but the actual validation is done by the helper functions.

Wait, the problem says "Do NOT include any explanation, reasoning, or markdown formatting. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So the code should be the Python code, not any explanations.

So the code would be:

def _validate_labels(labels):
    """
    Check that keys and values in the given labels by validate_key() and validate_value().
    """
    for key, value in labels.items():
        validate_key(key)
        validate_value(value)

But wait, the docstring is part of the function. So the code would have the function definition with the docstring. But the user's example shows the docstring as part of the function.

But the user's example shows the function with the docstring. So the code would be as above.

But the problem is that the validate_key and validate_value functions are not provided. However, the user's instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code must include the function, but the actual validation is done by the helper functions, which are not provided. So the code is as written.

Therefore, the code is the function with the loop, but the helper functions are not implemented here. However, the user's instruction says to generate the code, so the code is as written.
