
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the protocol_handlers function based on the given signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding the problem.

The function is a class method, as indicated by the 'cls' parameter. The docstring says that it returns different Bolt protocol handlers based on the protocol_version. So, the function needs to return a handler depending on the version.

First, I need to figure out how to structure the code. Since the function is a class method, it's likely that the handler is a function or a class that handles a specific protocol version. But the docstring doesn't specify the exact handlers, just that they vary by version.

Wait, the user provided the function signature but no implementation. The task is to generate the code based on that. So, I need to create a structure where the protocol_handlers method returns different handlers based on protocol_version.

Maybe the function returns a dictionary where the keys are the protocol versions and the values are the corresponding handlers. For example, if protocol_version is '1.0', return a handler for that version.

But how to implement this? Let's think. The function is part of a class, so perhaps the class has methods for each protocol version. But the function itself is supposed to return the handler.

Alternatively, the function could return a function that, when called, handles the protocol based on the version. But the docstring says "different forms of Bolt protocol handlers are returned", so maybe the function returns a function that takes the protocol version and returns the appropriate handler.

Wait, the function is called protocol_handlers, and it's a class method. So perhaps the class has a list of handlers for each protocol version, and this method returns the appropriate one.

But without knowing the exact handlers, I need to create a structure that can be filled in. The user probably expects that the code will have different implementations for each protocol version.

So, perhaps the code will have a dictionary that maps protocol versions to handler functions. The protocol_handlers method returns this dictionary.

But how to structure it. Let me think of an example. Suppose the class has a method that returns a dictionary of handlers. The protocol_handlers method would return that dictionary.

Wait, the function is called protocol_handlers, and it's a class method. So maybe the class has a method that returns the appropriate handler based on the protocol version.

Alternatively, maybe the function returns a function that takes the protocol version and returns the handler.

But the docstring says "different forms of Bolt protocol handlers are returned based on the value of protocol_version." So the function returns a handler that can be used to process the protocol.

So, perhaps the code will have a dictionary where each key is a protocol version, and the value is the corresponding handler. The protocol_handlers method returns this dictionary.

But how to implement this. Let's think of the code structure.

In Python, a class method can return a dictionary. So, the protocol_handlers method would return a dictionary with keys as protocol versions and values as the handlers.

But the problem is that the user hasn't provided the actual handlers. So, the code needs to be written in a way that the handlers can be implemented as needed.

But since the user hasn't provided specific handlers, perhaps the code will have placeholders or default implementations.

Wait, but the user's instruction is to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. So, the code must be written such that the function returns the appropriate handler based on the protocol_version.

So, perhaps the code will have a dictionary that maps protocol versions to handler functions. The protocol_handlers method returns this dictionary.

But how to structure it. Let's think of an example.

For example, the class might have a protocol_handlers method that returns a dictionary like:

{
    '1.0': handle_protocol_1_0,
    '1.1': handle_protocol_1_1,
    ...
}

So, the code would look something like:

def protocol_handlers(cls, protocol_version=None):
    handlers = {
        '1.0': lambda: handle_protocol_1_0(),
        '1.1': lambda: handle_protocol_1_1(),
        # ... other versions
    }
    return handlers.get(protocol_version, default_handler)

But since the user hasn't provided the actual handlers, the code would need to be written with placeholders.

But the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. So, the code must be written in a way that the handlers are implemented, but since the actual handlers are not provided, perhaps the code will have a structure that can be filled in by the user.

Alternatively, maybe the function returns a function that takes the protocol version and returns the appropriate handler. But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

Wait, the function is a class method, so it's possible that the class has a list of handlers for each protocol version, and the method returns the appropriate one.

But again, without knowing the exact structure, it's challenging. However, the user's example shows that the function returns a handler based on the protocol_version. So, the code must return a function or a dictionary that can be used to handle the protocol.

Perhaps the code will return a function that, when called, handles the protocol based on the version. For example:

def protocol_handlers(cls, protocol_version=None):
    def handle_protocol(version):
        if version == '1.0':
            return handle_1_0()
        elif version == '1.1':
            return handle_1_1()
        else:
            raise ValueError(f"Unsupported protocol version: {version}")
    return handle_protocol

But this is just an example. The actual code would depend on the specific handlers.

But since the user hasn't provided the actual handlers, the code must be written in a way that the handlers can be implemented. So, the code would have a structure that returns a handler function based on the protocol_version.

Therefore, the code would look something like this:

def protocol_handlers(cls, protocol_version=None):
    """
    Returns a handler for the specified Bolt protocol version.
    """
    # Define handlers for different protocol versions
    handlers = {
        '1.0': lambda: handle_protocol_1_0(),
        '1.1': lambda: handle_protocol_1_1(),
        # Add other versions as needed
    }
    return handlers.get(protocol_version, default_handler)

But since the user hasn't provided the actual handlers, the code would have to include placeholders. However, the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, not to include explanations.

Therefore, the code would be written with the structure that returns a dictionary of handlers, with each key being the protocol version and the value being the handler function.

But how to implement the handler functions. Since the user hasn't provided them, perhaps the code will have them as stubs.

Alternatively, the code could return a function that takes the protocol version and returns the appropriate handler. But without knowing the exact structure, it's hard to say.

In conclusion, the code will be a class method that returns a dictionary of handlers, with each key being the protocol version and the value being the handler function. The actual handlers are to be implemented by the user.
