
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code based on the given function signature and docstring. The function is called index and takes a key as an argument. The docstring says it returns the key as an int.

Hmm, the function is supposed to return the key as an integer. But wait, the function is named index. Maybe it's part of a class? The original code has 'self' as the first parameter, which suggests it's a method of a class. So the function is a method that takes a key and returns it as an integer.

But wait, the docstring says "Returns the key in the form of int." So the function should convert the key to an integer. But what if the key is already an integer? Then returning it as is would be correct. However, the function's purpose is to return the key as an int, so maybe it's supposed to convert it regardless.

Wait, maybe the function is supposed to convert the key to an integer. For example, if the key is a string, it should convert it to int. But the docstring says "Returns the key in the form of int." So the function should return the key as an integer. But how?

Wait, maybe the function is part of a class that's supposed to handle some data structure, and the index method is meant to return the key as an integer. But without more context, I need to assume that the function is supposed to return the key as an integer. So perhaps the function is supposed to convert the key to an integer, regardless of its original type.

So the code would be something like:

def index(self, key):
    return int(key)

But wait, what if the key is already an integer? Then converting it to int would be redundant. But the docstring says "Returns the key in the form of int," which implies that the function should return it as an integer. So maybe the function is supposed to convert the key to an integer, even if it's already one.

So the code would be as simple as returning int(key). But maybe there's more to it. However, the user provided only the function signature and docstring, so the code must be generated based on that.

Therefore, the correct code is to return the key as an integer. So the function is straightforward.
