
Okay, I need to write a Python function called strip_root that takes a path and a root, and removes the root from the path. If it fails, throw an exception. The function should return the path without the root.

First, I should think about how to remove the root from the path. For example, if the path is '/home/user/docs' and the root is '/home', then the result should be 'user/docs'. But if the root is '/home/user', then the result would be 'docs'.

Wait, but how do I determine where the root is in the path? Maybe the root is the prefix of the path. So, I need to check if the path starts with the root. If it does, then I need to remove the root from the start.

But what if the root is longer than the path? Like, if the path is 'abc' and the root is 'abcd', then the root isn't a prefix, so the path remains as is. But the function should throw an exception in that case.

So the steps would be:

1. Check if the path starts with the root.
2. If it does, remove the root from the start.
3. If not, raise an exception.

But how to handle the case where the root is exactly the path? Like, if the path is '/home/user' and the root is '/home/user', then removing the root would result in an empty string. But the function should throw an exception in that case as well.

Wait, the problem says "If fails, throw exception". So maybe the root is not a prefix of the path. So, the function should raise an exception if the root is not a prefix of the path.

So, the code would be:

Check if the path starts with the root. If not, raise ValueError.

Then, return path[len(root):].

But wait, what if the root is empty? Well, the function parameters are path and root. The problem doesn't specify, but probably root is a valid path component. So maybe we can assume that root is non-empty.

But in code, we need to handle the case where the root is empty. But the problem says "if fails, throw exception". So maybe if the root is empty, the path is already empty? Or maybe the root is empty, and the path is empty. But that's a corner case.

But the function's docstring says "if fails, throw exception". So perhaps the function is supposed to throw an exception if the root is not a prefix of the path. So, the code would be:

def strip_root(path, root):
    if not path.startswith(root):
        raise ValueError(f"Root {root} is not a prefix of path {path}")
    return path[len(root):]

But wait, what if the root is longer than the path? For example, path is 'a', root is 'ab'. Then path.startswith(root) is False, so raise the error.

Yes, that's correct.

But what if the root is exactly the path? Like path is '/home/user', root is '/home/user'. Then path.startswith(root) is True, so we return path[len(root):], which is empty string. But the function is supposed to return the path without the root. So in that case, the function returns an empty string. But the problem says "if fails, throw exception". So in this case, the root is a prefix, so the code proceeds to return the rest. So the function returns an empty string.

But maybe the problem expects that the root is a prefix, and the path is longer than the root. But the function is supposed to handle all cases where the root is a prefix.

So the code would be as above.

But need to handle the case where the root is empty. For example, if root is empty string, then path.startswith('') is always True. So the code would return path[len(''):] which is path. But that's not correct. Because if the root is empty, then the path is already without the root. But the function is supposed to remove the root. So if the root is empty, then the path is already the result. But the code would return path, which is correct.

But maybe the function is supposed to handle root being empty. But the problem doesn't specify. So perhaps the code is as written.

So the code would be:

def strip_root(path, root):
    if not path.startswith(root):
        raise ValueError(f"Root {root} is not a prefix of path {path}")
    return path[len(root):]

But wait, what if the root is not a prefix but the path is empty? For example, path is empty, root is '/'. Then path.startswith(root) is False, so raise error. Which is correct.

So this should handle all cases.

Now, the docstring says "If fails, throw exception". So the function raises ValueError when the root is not a prefix.

So the code is as above.
