
Okay, I need to write a Python function called split that takes a string s and a platform parameter. The docstring says that if the platform is 'this', it auto-detects the current platform. If it's 1, use POSIX style, and 0 for Windows/CMD.

First, I need to figure out how to detect the current platform. In Python, I can check the platform using os.name. But wait, os.name gives 'posix' for Linux, macOS, etc., and 'nt' for Windows. So maybe that's the way to go.

So, the function will first check the platform. If it's 'this', then determine the platform based on os.name. Then, depending on the platform, split the string.

For POSIX style (platform 1), I think that's using the default split, maybe split on whitespace. But wait, the problem says to split the input str under the given platform. So perhaps for POSIX, split on whitespace, and for Windows, split on commas or something else?

Wait, the docstring says "split the input str under given platform". But the examples for platform 1 and 0 are not given. So maybe for platform 1, split on whitespace, and for platform 0, split on commas?

Alternatively, maybe the platform determines the splitting delimiter. For example, POSIX might use split() by default, and Windows might use split(',') or something else.

But the problem is that the user hasn't provided specific splitting logic. The function's docstring doesn't specify how the splitting is done for each platform. So perhaps the function is supposed to split the string into parts based on the platform's default delimiter.

Wait, the function's name is split, and the docstring says "split the input str under given platform". So maybe the platform determines the splitting method. For example, POSIX might use split(), and Windows might use split(',').

But how to determine the delimiter? For POSIX, maybe split on whitespace, and for Windows, split on commas. But that's just a guess. Alternatively, maybe for platform 1, split on whitespace, and for platform 0, split on commas.

But the problem is that the user hasn't provided specific instructions. So perhaps the function is supposed to split the string into parts based on the platform's default delimiter. For example, for platform 1 (POSIX), split on whitespace, and for platform 0 (Windows), split on commas.

But how to handle that in code? Let's think.

First, the function needs to check the platform. If it's 'this', then determine the platform. Then, based on the platform, split the string.

So, the code steps:

1. Import os module to check the platform.

2. In the function, check if the platform is 'this'. If so, determine the platform based on os.name.

3. Then, based on the platform, split the string.

For platform 1 (POSIX), split on whitespace. For platform 0 (Windows), split on commas. But maybe the actual splitting is different. Alternatively, maybe for platform 1, split using split(), and for platform 0, split using split(',').

But the problem is that the user hasn't specified the exact splitting logic. However, the function's docstring says "split the input str under given platform", so perhaps the splitting is done using the default split method for the platform.

But how to implement that? For example, in POSIX, split on whitespace, and in Windows, split on commas. But maybe the actual splitting is done using the split() method with a delimiter.

Alternatively, maybe the platform determines the splitting delimiter. For example, for platform 1, split on whitespace, and for platform 0, split on commas.

So, the code would be something like:

import os

def split(s, platform='this'):
    if platform == 'this':
        if os.name == 'posix':
            platform = 1
        else:
            platform = 0
    elif platform == 1:
        # POSIX style, split on whitespace
        return s.split()
    elif platform == 0:
        # Windows/CMD style, split on commas
        return s.split(',')
    else:
        # invalid platform
        raise ValueError("Invalid platform")

But wait, the function's docstring says that platform can be 1, 0, or 'this'. So the code needs to handle those cases.

But what about if the platform is not 'this', 0, or 1? The docstring says that the platform can be 1, 0, or 'this', so maybe the code should raise an error if it's something else. But the problem says to return a list of splitting str, so perhaps the function is supposed to handle invalid platforms by raising an error.

But the problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code should handle the cases where platform is 'this', 1, or 0.

So the code would be:

import os

def split(s, platform='this'):
    """
    Split the input str under given platform, return the splitting result
    If platform equals 'this', auto-detect current platform.
    If platform equals 1, use POSIX style.
    If platform equals 0, use Windows/CMD style.
    Args:
        s: input str
        platform: 'this' = auto from current platform; 1 = POSIX; 0 = Windows/CMD
    Returns:
        a list of splitting str
    """
    if platform == 'this':
        if os.name == 'posix':
            platform = 1
        else:
            platform = 0
    elif platform == 1:
        return s.split()
    elif platform == 0:
        return s.split(',')
    else:
        raise ValueError("Invalid platform value")

But wait, the platform can be 1, 0, or 'this'. So the code checks if platform is 'this', then determines the platform based on os.name. Then, if platform is 1, split on whitespace, else split on commas.

But what about if the platform is something else? The docstring says that platform can be 1, 0, or 'this', so the code should raise an error for other values.

But the problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code should handle those cases.

So the code above should work. But perhaps the split for platform 0 is different. For example, in Windows, splitting on commas might not be the correct approach. But since the problem doesn't specify, we have to assume that the splitting is done using the split() method with the appropriate delimiter.

So the code is as above. But wait, the function's docstring says that platform can be 1, 0, or 'this'. So the code checks for those.

But in the code, when platform is 'this', it checks os.name. If it's posix, set platform to 1, else 0. Then, for platform 1, split on whitespace, else split on commas.

Yes. So that's the code.
