
Okay, I need to generate the Python code for the function _dump_string as described. The function takes an object and a dumper, which is optional. The docstring says it returns a YAML stream.

First, I remember that Python's yaml module can serialize objects to YAML. The default dumper is probably the BaseDumper. But the function here has a parameter dumper=None, so I need to handle that.

Wait, the function is supposed to return a YAML stream. So maybe it's using the yaml.dump function, which returns a string. But the docstring says it returns a YAML stream, which could be a string or maybe a generator. But in Python, the yaml.dump function returns a string, so perhaps that's what's expected here.

So the function would take the object and the dumper (which could be a class instance), then use that dumper to serialize the object. But how does the dumper parameter work here? Maybe the function is supposed to use the default dumper if none is provided.

Wait, the function's docstring says "Given a python object and serialize it into a YAML stream". So the implementation would use the yaml module's dump function. But the dumper parameter is optional. So perhaps the function is supposed to use the default dumper, but the parameter is there for flexibility.

So the code would import yaml, then use yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper). But wait, the dumper parameter is passed to the dumper function. Wait, no. The function's parameter is dumper=None, which is probably a class instance. So the function would take the object and the dumper, then call the dumper's dump method on the object.

Wait, but the function's name is _dump_string, which is a private method. But the user is asking for the code, not the implementation details. So perhaps the code is simply using the yaml module's dump function, passing the object and the dumper parameter.

But how to handle the dumper parameter? If the dumper is provided, use it; otherwise, use the default. So the code would be:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper)

But wait, the docstring says "Returns: YAML stream". So the return value is a string, which is a YAML stream. So that's acceptable.

But maybe the dumper is a class, and the function is supposed to use it. But the function's parameter is dumper=None, so the code would just pass it to yaml.dump.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to create a dumper instance and use it. But without knowing the exact dumper class, the code can just pass the dumper parameter to yaml.dump.

So the code would be as simple as that. Let me check the parameters. The function has obj and dumper. The docstring says "Given a python object and serialize it into a YAML stream". So the code would use yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper).

Yes, that seems right. So the code is:

import yaml

def _dump_string(obj, dumper=None):
    return yaml.dump(obj, dumper=dumper)

But wait, the function is named _dump_string, which is a private method. But the user is asking for the code, not the implementation details. So the code is as above.

I think that's the correct approach. So the final code is as written.
