
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the validate_from_content method based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do.

The docstring says that the function validates that a spec (YAML) content has all required fields. If any mandatory data is missing, it raises IRValidatorException. The return value is a dictionary with data loaded from the spec file.

First, I need to think about the parameters. The function takes spec_content as an optional parameter. If it's not provided, maybe it's expecting to load a YAML file? But the parameter name is spec_content, so perhaps it's the content of the file. But the function is supposed to validate the content, not load it. Wait, the docstring says "return: Dictionary with data loaded from a spec (YAML) file". So the function is supposed to load the content from the spec file, validate it, and return the dictionary.

But the parameter is called spec_content. So maybe the function is designed to take the content as input, validate it, and return the dictionary. But the docstring mentions that the spec_content is the content of the spec file. So perhaps the function is intended to load the content from a file, validate it, and return the data.

But the function's parameters are specified as spec_content=None. So the function is probably supposed to take the content as input, validate it, and return the dictionary. However, the docstring says that the function validates the spec content, which suggests that the spec_content is the content to be validated.

So the steps would be: check that the spec_content is not None. Then, validate that it has all the required fields. If any are missing, raise IRValidatorException. Then, return the dictionary with the data loaded from the spec_content.

But how to handle the loading of the YAML content? The function is part of a class, so perhaps it's part of a validator class. But the code isn't given, so I need to assume that the spec_content is a YAML content string, and that the function is supposed to parse it into a dictionary.

So the code would need to:

1. Check if spec_content is None. If so, maybe raise an error? Or maybe the function is supposed to handle that case. But the docstring says that the function raises when mandatory data is missing. So if spec_content is None, perhaps it's considered as missing, but the function's parameters allow it. But the docstring doesn't specify what to do in that case. Maybe the function expects spec_content to be provided, but if not, it's an error. But the docstring says that the function raises when mandatory data is missing. So perhaps if spec_content is None, it's considered as missing, and the function would raise an exception.

But the function's parameters are spec_content=None, so the function can take it as None. So in the code, we need to check if spec_content is None. If it is, maybe raise an exception. But the docstring doesn't specify that. However, the function's purpose is to validate the spec content, so if the content is not provided, it's an error.

So the code would start by checking if spec_content is None. If so, raise an exception. Then, parse the spec_content into a dictionary. Then, validate that all required fields are present. If any are missing, raise IRValidatorException. Then, return the dictionary.

But how to parse the YAML content? The code would need to use a YAML library, like PyYAML. So the code would need to import yaml, and then load the spec_content into a dictionary.

So the code structure would be:

- Import yaml
- Check if spec_content is None: raise ValueError or IRValidatorException
- Load the spec_content into a dictionary
- Validate the dictionary against the required fields
- If validation passes, return the dictionary

But the problem is that the function is part of a class, and the docstring mentions that it's a class method. So the code would have to be inside a class, and the method would be part of that class.

So the code would look something like:

import yaml

class IRValidator:
    @classmethod
    def validate_from_content(cls, spec_content=None):
        if spec_content is None:
            raise ValueError("spec_content is required")
        # parse the spec_content into a dictionary
        try:
            data = yaml.safe_load(spec_content)
        except yaml.YAMLError as e:
            raise IRValidatorException(f"YAML parsing error: {e}")
        # validate the data
        required_fields = ['required_field1', 'required_field2']  # example fields
        for field in required_fields:
            if field not in data:
                raise IRValidatorException(f"Missing required field: {field}")
        return data

But the actual required fields are not specified in the docstring. The docstring says "mandatory data is missing in spec file", but the exact fields are not given. So the code would need to have some placeholder for the required fields.

But since the user hasn't provided specific fields, the code would have to be generic. However, the function's docstring doesn't mention any specific fields, so the code would need to have a way to check for the required fields. But since the user hasn't provided the actual required fields, perhaps the code should be written with a placeholder, or perhaps the required fields are determined by the class's attributes.

But given that the user hasn't provided the actual required fields, the code would have to be written with a generic approach. However, the function's docstring says that the function validates that the spec has all required fields. So the code would need to check for the presence of certain fields.

But since the required fields are not specified, perhaps the code should check for a specific set of fields, but the user might expect that the actual required fields are determined by the class's attributes. However, without knowing that, the code can't be written accurately.

But given the information provided, the code would need to have a way to check for the required fields. So perhaps the code would have a list of required fields, but since the user hasn't provided them, the code would have to be written with placeholders.

Alternatively, maybe the required fields are determined by the class's attributes, but since the user hasn't provided that, the code can't be written accurately.

But the user's instruction is to generate code based on the given function signature and docstring. So the code must be written with the given parameters and docstring, even if the required fields are not specified.

So the code would have to include a check for the required fields, but since they are not specified, perhaps the code would check for a specific set of fields, like 'spec', 'version', etc. But without knowing, it's hard to say.

Alternatively, the code could be written to check for the presence of a specific key, like 'spec', and raise an exception if it's missing. But that's just a guess.

In any case, the code would need to:

- Check if spec_content is None, raise an error.
- Parse the YAML content into a dictionary.
- Check that all required fields are present.
- Return the dictionary.

So the code would look something like:

import yaml

class IRValidator:
    @classmethod
    def validate_from_content(cls, spec_content=None):
        if spec_content is None:
            raise ValueError("spec_content is required")
        try:
            data = yaml.safe_load(spec_content)
        except yaml.YAMLError as e:
            raise IRValidatorException(f"YAML parsing error: {e}")
        # Check required fields
        required_fields = ['spec', 'version', 'parameters']
        for field in required_fields:
            if field not in data:
                raise IRValidatorException(f"Missing required field: {field}")
        return data

But the actual required fields are not specified, so this is just an example. However, the user's docstring says that the function validates that the spec has all required fields, but the code must be written with the given parameters.

So the code would need to have the required_fields as a list, but since the user hasn't provided them, perhaps the code should be written with a placeholder, or perhaps the required fields are determined by the class's attributes.

But since the user hasn't provided that, the code can't be written accurately. However, the user's instruction is to generate code based on the given function signature and docstring. Therefore, the code must be written with the given parameters and docstring, even if the required fields are not specified.

In conclusion, the code would include:

- Importing yaml
- Checking for spec_content being None
- Parsing the YAML content into a dictionary
- Checking for required fields (placeholder)
- Raising IRValidatorException if any required fields are missing
- Returning the dictionary

So the final code would be as follows.
