
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the is_valid method based on the given function signature and docstring. The user mentioned following a test-driven development approach, so first I should think about writing unit tests. But the user wants only the code generated, not the tests. Wait, the initial instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, but the tips mention generating tests first. However, the user says to output only the code. Hmm.

Wait, the user's instruction says: "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." So maybe the tips are just guidance, but the actual output should be the code. But the function signature is given as a method in a class, and the docstring says it returns True always. So the base implementation is to return True. But maybe the user wants a more realistic implementation? Wait, the docstring says "In this base implementation, always return True. (D)" So perhaps the actual code is supposed to be a placeholder, but the user wants the code that returns True. But maybe the user wants to have a more complex validation? Wait, the problem statement isn't clear. But the given function is part of a class, and the docstring says it's a base implementation that always returns True. So the code should just return True. But maybe the user wants to have some actual validation logic? But the docstring says it's a base implementation. So perhaps the code is as simple as returning True. But maybe the user wants to have a more complete implementation. Wait, the problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code should match the docstring. The docstring says that in the base implementation, it always returns True. So the code should be:

def is_valid(self, identifier):
    """
    Return True if identifier is valid. In this base implementation, always return True.  (D)
    """
    return True

But maybe the user wants to have some actual validation. But the docstring says it's a base implementation. So perhaps the code is as simple as that. However, the user might have intended for the method to have some validation logic. But without more information, I have to go with the docstring's description. So the code is straightforward. But the user mentioned test-driven development. However, the user says to output only the code. So perhaps the tests are not needed here. The initial instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, so the code is as simple as returning True. So the final code would be as above. But maybe the user expects some more complex code. But given the information, I think that's the correct approach.
