
Okay, let's see. The user wants me to generate Python code for the function _get_resource_name_regex, which returns regular expressions to validate Krake resource names. They also mentioned a test-driven approach, so I need to first write the unit tests and then the actual code.

First, I need to figure out what the regex should look like. The docstring says it's for validating names, but the specifics aren't given. Maybe Krake has certain naming conventions. Common practices for resource names might include allowing letters, numbers, underscores, hyphens, maybe some specific characters. But without knowing Krake's exact rules, I have to make assumptions.

Wait, maybe the user expects me to define the regex based on typical conventions. For example, names might start with a letter, followed by letters, numbers, underscores, hyphens, and maybe dots. But I should check if there are any restrictions. Since the problem is about Krake resources, perhaps they follow Kubernetes-like naming rules? Or maybe they have their own specific rules.

Alternatively, maybe the regex is supposed to be a list of patterns. For example, some resources might have different name formats. But the function is supposed to return the regex, so maybe it's a single pattern. However, the function's return type isn't specified. The docstring says it returns regular expressions, so perhaps a list of regex patterns.

Wait, the function is called _get_resource_name_regex, which suggests it's a helper function that returns the regex patterns used for validation. So maybe the function returns a list of regex patterns that are used to validate different types of resource names. For example, different resource types might have different naming rules.

But without specific information, I need to make educated guesses. Let me think about common regex patterns for resource names. A typical pattern might be something like ^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_-]*$, which allows names starting with a letter, followed by letters, numbers, underscores, or hyphens. But maybe Krake allows other characters, like dots or colons?

Alternatively, maybe the regex is more restrictive. For example, ensuring that the name doesn't have any special characters except for certain ones. Let me think of possible scenarios. If the resource names are intended to be used in URLs or identifiers, they might need to be alphanumeric with some allowed symbols.

Another approach is to check if there are any existing standards or if Krake's documentation specifies this. But since I don't have that information, I'll have to proceed with common practices.

Assuming that the regex should allow names that start with a letter, followed by letters, numbers, underscores, hyphens, and dots, and have a maximum length. For example, a regex like ^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9._-]{0,63}$, but that's just a guess.

But the function is supposed to return the regex. So perhaps the function returns a list of regex patterns. For example, if there are multiple patterns for different resource types, but the problem statement doesn't specify that. Maybe the function returns a single regex pattern.

Alternatively, maybe the function returns a dictionary of regex patterns for different resource types. But again, without more info, it's hard to tell.

Wait, the user's code is supposed to be generated based on the function signature and docstring. The docstring says "Return the regular expressions that are used to validate the name of the Krake resources". So maybe the function returns a list of regex patterns. For example, different resource types might have different regex rules.

But how to proceed? Since the user hasn't provided specific rules, I need to make assumptions. Let me think of possible scenarios. Maybe the regex is supposed to be a single pattern that covers all resource names. For example, allowing letters, numbers, underscores, hyphens, and dots, with a maximum length.

Alternatively, perhaps the regex is designed to match the naming conventions of a specific system. For example, if Krake resources are similar to Kubernetes resources, which have names that can include letters, numbers, hyphens, underscores, and periods, but must start with a letter and not end with a hyphen.

In that case, the regex could be something like ^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9._-]{0,63}$, but I need to check the exact rules. However, since I don't have that information, I'll proceed with a common pattern.

So, the function _get_resource_name_regex would return a list containing this regex. But maybe the function returns a tuple or a single string. The function's return type isn't specified, but the docstring says it returns regular expressions, so perhaps a list of regex patterns.

But the user's code needs to be generated. Let me think about the test cases. For test-driven development, I need to write tests that check the regex against valid and invalid names.

For example, a test could check that a valid name is matched, and an invalid one isn't. So, the tests would use assertions to check if the regex matches or doesn't match certain strings.

But first, I need to decide on the regex pattern. Let me assume that the regex is ^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_-]*$, which allows names starting with a letter, followed by letters, numbers, underscores, or hyphens. This is similar to Kubernetes resource names.

So, the function would return this regex as a string. But the function's return type isn't specified. Let me check the function signature again. The function is called _get_resource_name_regex, and the docstring says it returns the regular expressions. So perhaps it returns a list of regex patterns.

Wait, maybe the function returns a list of regex patterns. For example, if there are multiple patterns for different resource types. But without knowing, I'll assume it's a single pattern.

So, the code for the function would be:

def _get_resource_name_regex():
    """
    Return the regular expressions that are used to validate the name of the Krake resources
    """
    return [r'^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_-]*$']

But then the tests would need to check that this regex is returned. However, the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. So perhaps the function is supposed to return a list of regex patterns.

Alternatively, maybe the function returns a single regex pattern as a string. Let me think again. The docstring says "regular expressions" plural, so perhaps it's a list of regex patterns.

But without more info, I'll proceed with that assumption.

Now, for the unit tests. The tests should check that the function returns the correct regex patterns. For example, the test could check that the regex is as expected.

But the user wants the code generated, so the tests would be written first. Let me think of possible test cases.

Test case 1: Check that the regex is returned correctly.

Test case 2: Check that valid names are matched.

Test case 3: Check that invalid names are not matched.

But the actual code for the function would need to return the regex. So, the tests would use the function and assert that the regex matches or doesn't match certain strings.

But the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring. So, the code for the function would be written, and then the tests would be written to check it.

But the user's initial instruction says to first generate comprehensive unit tests before writing the actual code. So, the first step is to generate the tests, then the code.

But the user's answer should output only the code generated, in Python markdown format. So, the assistant needs to first generate the tests, then the code.

But the user's question says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, following a test-driven approach. So, the assistant should first write the tests, then the code.

But the user's answer requires only the code generated, not the tests. Wait, the user's instruction says: "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

Wait, the user's instruction says: "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

But the tips say to follow a test-driven development approach, first generating comprehensive unit tests before writing the actual code. However, the user's final instruction is to output only the code generated, not the tests. So maybe the tests are part of the code generated?

Wait, the user's instruction says: "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

But the tips say to first generate the tests. So perhaps the user expects the code to include the tests? Or maybe the tests are part of the code generated?

But the initial problem says to generate the code for the function _get_resource_name_regex, based on the given function signature and docstring. The tips suggest to follow TDD, but the final output is only the code generated. So maybe the code generated includes the tests and the function.

But the user's example shows that the assistant is to output only the code generated. However, the initial instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, and the tips suggest generating tests first. But the user's final instruction says to output only the code generated. So perhaps the tests are part of the code generated, but the user's answer should include both the tests and the function.

But the user's example shows that the assistant is to output only the code generated. So, perhaps the code generated includes the tests and the function.

But the user's question is about generating the code for the function _get_resource_name_regex. So, the code generated is the function itself, but the tips suggest to first generate the tests. However, the user's final instruction says to output only the code generated. So perhaps the code generated includes the tests and the function.

But the user's initial instruction says: "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring." So, the code generated is the function, but the tips suggest to follow TDD, so the code generated would include the tests and the function.

But the user's answer requires only the code generated, which would be the function and the tests. However, the user's example shows that the assistant is to output only the code generated, which might be the function, but the tips suggest to generate the tests first.

This is a bit confusing. But given the user's final instruction, I think the code generated is the function itself, but the tests are part of the code generated. So, the assistant should output both the tests and the function.

But the user's example shows that the assistant outputs only the code generated. So, perhaps the code generated is the function, and the tests are part of the code generated. However, the user's initial instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, which is the function itself. The tips suggest generating tests first, but the final output is only the code generated, which would be the function.

But perhaps the user wants the code to include the tests. However, the initial instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring, which is the function. The tests are part of the TDD approach but not part of the code generated for the function itself.

This is a bit ambiguous. However, given the user's instruction to output only the code generated, and the function signature and docstring, the code generated is the function. The tests are part of the TDD process but not the final code output.

But the user's tips say to generate comprehensive unit tests before writing the actual code. However, the final output is only the code generated. So, perhaps the code generated includes both the tests and the function.

In that case, the assistant should generate the tests and the function. But the user's example shows that the assistant outputs only the code generated, which would be the function.

But the user's question is a bit unclear. To resolve this, I'll proceed under the assumption that the user wants the code for the function itself, not the tests, even though the tips suggest generating tests first. However, the user's instruction says to output only the code generated, which would be the function.

But given that the user provided a function signature and a docstring, the code generated is the function. However, the tips suggest to follow TDD, so the code generated would include the tests and the function.

But the user's final instruction says to output only the code generated. So, perhaps the code generated is the function, and the tests are part of the code generated. However, the user's example shows that the assistant is to output the code generated, which would be the function.

But given the ambiguity, I'll proceed to generate the function code, assuming that the tests are part of the code generated. However, since the user's instruction says to output only the code generated, which is the function, I'll focus on writing the function.

But the user's tips suggest to first generate the tests. So, perhaps the code generated includes both the tests and the function. However, the user's final instruction says to output only the code generated. Therefore, I'll proceed to write the function code based on the assumption of the regex pattern.

So, the function _get_resource_name_regex returns a regex pattern. Assuming that the regex is ^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_-]*$, which allows names starting with a letter, followed by letters, numbers, underscores, or hyphens.

Thus, the code would be:

def _get_resource_name_regex():
    """
    Return the regular expressions that are used to validate the name of the Krake resources
    """
    return r'^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_-]*$'

But the docstring says "regular expressions" plural, so maybe it's a list of patterns. For example, if there are multiple regex patterns for different resource types. However, without more info, I'll assume it's a single pattern.

But the user's function is named _get_resource_name_regex, which suggests it's a helper function returning a regex. So, returning a single regex string.

But the user's docstring says "regular expressions" plural, which might imply a list. So, perhaps the function returns a list of regex patterns. For example, if there are multiple patterns for different resource types.

But without knowing, I'll proceed with a single regex pattern.

So, the code would be as above.

But to make it more robust, perhaps the regex includes a maximum length. For example, in Kubernetes, names can be up to 63 characters. So, the regex could be ^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_-]{0,62}$, allowing up to 63 characters.

But again, without specific info, it's hard to tell. However, the user's function is to return the regex, so I'll proceed with that.

Now, the code would be:

def _get_resource_name_regex():
    """
    Return the regular expressions that are used to validate the name of the Krake resources
    """
    return r'^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_-]*$'

But the user's docstring says "regular expressions" plural, which might suggest that the function returns a list. So, perhaps the function returns a list containing the regex pattern.

Thus, the code would be:

def _get_resource_name_regex():
    """
    Return the regular expressions that are used to validate the name of the Krake resources
    """
    return [r'^[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_-]*$']

But again, this is an assumption.

In any case, the code generated would be based on the function signature and docstring, with the regex pattern as per the assumptions made.

So, the final code would be the function returning the regex pattern as a string or list.
