
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the paging function based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me start by understanding what the function is supposed to do. The docstring says it returns a generator that splits the WAPI response into pages of max_results each. So, given a list 'response' and an integer 'max_results', the function should yield chunks of the list, each of size up to max_results.

First, I should think about how to split the list into chunks. Let's say the response has 10 elements and max_results is 3. Then the chunks would be [elements 0-2], [3-5], [6-9]. So for each index i in the response, I need to slice from i to i+max_results, but making sure not to go out of bounds.

Wait, but how to handle the generator? The function needs to yield each chunk. So the approach would be to loop through the response in steps of max_results. For each step, take a slice from start to start + max_results. But how to calculate the start indices?

Let me think: for i in range(0, len(response), max_results). Then, for each i, take response[i:i+max_results]. That makes sense. So the generator would yield each of these slices.

But wait, what if max_results is zero? Oh, but the function's args say max_results is an int. But the docstring probably expects max_results to be a positive integer. However, the function might need to handle cases where max_results is zero or larger than the length of the response. For example, if max_results is 0, perhaps it's an error. But the function's parameters don't specify constraints. So maybe the function should handle cases where max_results is zero by returning an empty generator or something? Or maybe the function assumes that max_results is a positive integer. But since the user hasn't specified, perhaps the code should handle the general case.

But according to the problem statement, the function is supposed to return a generator that splits the response into pages. So, if max_results is zero, perhaps it's an error. However, the function's parameters don't have validation. So maybe the code doesn't need to handle that, and it's up to the caller to provide a valid max_results. But in practice, the code should probably handle cases where max_results is zero or negative. However, the problem statement doesn't mention that, so perhaps the code can proceed under the assumption that max_results is a positive integer.

So the code would be something like:

def paging(response, max_results):
    for i in range(0, len(response), max_results):
        yield response[i:i+max_results]

But wait, the function is supposed to return a generator object. So using a for loop with yield would create a generator. That seems correct.

Now, the docstring says that the function returns a generator object with the response split page by page. So this code should satisfy that.

Now, the user also mentioned that I should follow a test-driven development approach, first generating comprehensive unit tests before writing the actual code. But the user's instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, and output only the code in Python markdown format. However, the tips mention generating tests first. But the user's main request is to generate the code, not the tests. Wait, the initial instruction says "Generate Python code based on the following function signature and docstring. Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format." But the tips say to follow TDD, first generating tests. However, the user might have intended that the assistant should generate the code, but perhaps the tests are part of the process. However, the user's final instruction says to output only the code. So maybe the tests are not required in the output. But the initial problem statement says to generate the code, so perhaps the tests are part of the thinking process but not the final output.

But the user's instruction says to output only the code. So perhaps the tests are not needed. However, the initial tips mention generating tests first. But since the user says to output only the code, maybe the tests are not part of the output. Therefore, the code should be written as per the function signature.

So the code would be:

def paging(response, max_results):
    """
    Return every response with the length of max_results
    Args:
    response (list): WAPI response.
    max_results (int): Maximum number of objects to be returned in one page.
    Returns:
        Generator object with WAPI response split page by page.
    """
    for i in range(0, len(response), max_results):
        yield response[i:i+max_results]

But wait, what if the response is not a list? The function's argument says response is a list. So the code assumes that. So the code is correct.

But let me think about edge cases. For example, if max_results is 0, the code would loop from 0 to len(response) in steps of 0, which would cause an error. But since the function's parameters don't validate, perhaps that's up to the caller. So the code as written would handle the case where max_results is positive. If max_results is zero, the code would raise a ValueError. But perhaps the function should handle that. However, the problem statement doesn't mention handling such cases, so the code as written is correct.

Therefore, the code is as above.
