
Okay, let's see. I need to generate Python code for the find_roots function based on the given function signature and docstring. The user also mentioned following a test-driven development approach, so I should first think about writing unit tests before the actual code.

First, understanding the function's purpose. The function is supposed to find roots in a transitive hierarchy. The examples given are using RDFS.subClassOf or SKOS.broader, which are properties that indicate a hierarchical relationship where a child node points to its parent. So the function needs to find all nodes that are not children of any other node in the graph for the given property.

The function takes a graph, a property (URIRef), and an optional set of roots. It returns a set of nodes. The triples are in the form (child, prop, parent), so the direction is from child to parent. So the roots are the nodes that have no incoming edges for the given property.

Wait, no. Wait, if the triples are (child, prop, parent), then the parent is the superclass or broader concept. So the roots are the nodes that are not the child in any triple for the given property. So, to find the roots, we need to find all nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given property. Or wait, maybe the roots are the nodes that are not the object of any triple with the given property? Wait, no. Let me think again.

If the triple is (child, prop, parent), then the parent is the parent of the child. So the root nodes are those that are not the child in any triple. Because if a node is a parent in some triple, it's not a root. Wait, no. Wait, the root would be a node that has no parent. So, for example, in a hierarchy like A → B → C, where A is the root. So A has no parent. So the roots are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given property. Wait, no. Wait, the subject is the child. So if a node is a child (subject) in any triple, then it has a parent. So the roots are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given property. Wait, but the roots are the ones that are not children. So, for example, if a node is never the subject of a triple with prop, then it's a root. Because it has no parent.

So the approach is: collect all nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given property. But wait, maybe there are nodes that are not in any triple as subject or object. But according to the problem statement, the function is supposed to find roots in the hierarchy defined by the triples. So the roots are the nodes that have no incoming edges for the given property. Wait, no. Let me think again.

The triples are (child, prop, parent). So for each triple, the parent is the object. So the parent is the one that is the target of the relationship. So the root nodes are those that are not the object of any triple with prop. Because if a node is the object of a triple, it has a parent. Wait, no. Wait, if a node is the object, then it's the parent of the subject. So the parent is the object. So the root nodes are those that are not the object of any triple with prop. Because if they are the object, they have a parent. Wait, no. Wait, the root nodes are the ones that have no parents. So they are not the object of any triple with prop. Because if they were the object, that would mean they have a parent (the subject of the triple). So the roots are the nodes that are not the object of any triple with prop. Wait, but that's not correct. Because if a node is the subject of a triple, it has a parent (the object). So the roots are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple with prop. Because if they are the subject, they have a parent. So the roots are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple with prop. Wait, no. Let me think of an example.

Suppose we have two triples: (A, prop, B) and (B, prop, C). Then the roots would be A, because A is not the subject of any triple (wait no, A is the subject of the first triple). Wait, in this case, A is the subject of a triple, so it has a parent B. Then B is the subject of a triple, so it has a parent C. Then C is the subject of no triple, so it's a root. So the roots would be C. Wait, but that's not right. Because in this case, the hierarchy is A → B → C. So the root is C? No, that's not correct. Wait, no. In RDFS.subClassOf, the direction is that if A is a subclass of B, then B is a superclass. So the hierarchy is A is a subclass of B, B is a subclass of C. So the root would be C, because it's the topmost class. So in this case, the roots are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple. Because if a node is the subject of a triple, it has a parent. So the roots are the nodes that are not the subject of any triple with prop. So the function needs to find all nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given property. But how to do that?

So the approach would be:

1. Collect all nodes that are the subject of any triple with the given property. These are the non-roots.
2. The roots are all nodes in the graph that are not in this set.

Wait, but what about nodes that are not in any triple at all? For example, a node D that is not part of any triple. Then, it's a root because it has no parent. So the function should include such nodes as roots.

So the steps would be:

- Iterate through all triples in the graph where the predicate is prop.
- Collect all subjects of these triples. These are the nodes that have parents.
- The roots are all nodes in the graph that are not in this set of subjects.

But wait, the graph may have nodes that are not part of any triple. So, the roots would include those nodes as well.

So the code would need to:

- Get all nodes in the graph.
- For each node, check if it is the subject of any triple with the given prop.
- If not, then it's a root.

But how to get all nodes in the graph? Well, the graph is a rdflib Graph object, so perhaps we can use graph.subjects() or graph.objects() methods.

Wait, the graph is a rdflib Graph. So to get all nodes, perhaps we can collect all subjects and objects from all triples. But maybe there's a better way. Alternatively, the graph may have a method to get all nodes. However, in rdflib, the nodes can be obtained by iterating through all triples and collecting all subjects and objects.

But perhaps the function is supposed to return all nodes that are not the subject of any triple with the given prop. So the code would be:

roots = set()
for s, p, o in graph.triples((None, prop, None)):
    roots.add(s)
all_nodes = set(graph.nodes())
result = all_nodes - roots

Wait, but graph.nodes() returns all nodes in the graph. So the roots would be all nodes not present in the set of subjects of triples with the given prop.

But wait, the function's docstring says that find_roots(graph, rdflib.RDFS.subClassOf) returns all roots of the sub-class hierarchy. So for example, if the graph has triples (A, RDFS.subClassOf, B), (B, RDFS.subClassOf, C), then the roots would be C. Because C is not the subject of any triple with RDFS.subClassOf. So the code would collect all subjects of triples with the given prop, then subtract that set from all nodes in the graph. That would give the roots.

But what about nodes that are not in any triple? For example, a node D that is not part of any triple. Then, it would be in all_nodes, and not in the subjects set, so it would be included in the result. Which is correct.

So the code would be:

def find_roots(graph, prop, roots=None):
    # collect all subjects of triples with the given prop
    subjects = set()
    for s, p, o in graph.triples((None, prop, None)):
        subjects.add(s)
    # get all nodes in the graph
    all_nodes = set(graph.nodes())
    # roots are all nodes not in subjects
    result = all_nodes - subjects
    return result

But wait, the function's parameters include an optional 'roots' argument. The docstring says roots is an optional set of nodes. But looking at the function signature, the 'roots' parameter is optional, but the function is supposed to return a set of nodes. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing initial roots, but the function is supposed to compute the roots based on the graph and prop. Wait, the function's docstring says that the roots parameter is optional. But the function's description says that it returns the roots. So maybe the 'roots' parameter is for providing a starting set of roots, and the function is supposed to find all roots that are not in the hierarchy. Wait, perhaps the function is supposed to find the roots that are not part of any hierarchy. Or maybe the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of candidate roots, and the function checks which of them are actual roots.

Wait, the function's docstring says: "Assumes triple of the form (child, prop, parent), i.e. the direction of RDFS.subClassOf or SKOS.broader". So the function is supposed to find the roots in the hierarchy defined by the triples. The roots are the nodes that have no parent in the hierarchy. So the function's code as I thought before would work.

But the 'roots' parameter is optional. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of candidate roots, and the function checks which of them are actual roots. Wait, but that's not clear. The function's docstring says that the roots parameter is optional, but the function returns the roots. So maybe the 'roots' parameter is for providing an initial set of roots, and the function is supposed to find the roots that are not part of any hierarchy. Or perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes to consider as roots, and the function returns those that are not children in any triple. But the function's description is a bit unclear.

Alternatively, maybe the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes that are already known to be roots, and the function is supposed to find all roots by considering the hierarchy. But that's not clear. However, looking at the function signature, the 'roots' parameter is Optional[Set["Node"]], and the function returns a set of nodes. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing an initial set of roots, and the function is supposed to compute the roots by considering the hierarchy. But this is not clear. However, the example given in the docstring is find_roots(graph, rdflib.RDFS.subClassOf), which returns all roots. So the 'roots' parameter is probably not used in that example. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is not used, and the function is supposed to compute the roots based on the graph and prop. So maybe the 'roots' parameter is a mistake, or perhaps it's for some other purpose.

But given the function signature, the 'roots' parameter is optional. So perhaps the function is intended to find the roots in the hierarchy, and the 'roots' parameter is for providing a starting set of roots, perhaps for some optimization. But without more information, it's hard to tell. However, the docstring says that the function returns a set of roots. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is not used. Or maybe it's a parameter that allows the user to provide a set of nodes to consider as roots, and the function returns those that are not children in any triple. But that's not clear.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes that are already known to be roots, and the function is supposed to find all roots by considering the hierarchy. But again, this is unclear. However, given the function's current signature and the example in the docstring, perhaps the 'roots' parameter is not used. So maybe it's a mistake in the function signature, or perhaps it's intended for some other purpose. But since the user provided the function signature, I have to follow it.

But the function's code as per the example would not use the 'roots' parameter. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is not used. But the function's code is supposed to return a set of nodes, and the 'roots' parameter is optional. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes to consider as roots, and the function returns those that are not children in any triple. But that's not clear.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes that are already roots, and the function is supposed to find the roots by traversing the hierarchy. But this is unclear.

But given the ambiguity, perhaps the 'roots' parameter is not used, and the function is supposed to compute the roots based on the graph and prop. So the code would be as I thought earlier.

Now, considering the test cases. For example, if the graph has triples (A, prop, B), (B, prop, C), then the roots would be {C}. If there's a node D not in any triple, then it would be included as a root.

So the unit tests would need to cover these scenarios.

Now, writing the code. The function is supposed to take a graph (rdflib Graph), a prop (URIRef), and an optional roots set. The function returns a set of nodes.

But in the code, the 'roots' parameter is not used. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is not needed. But the function signature includes it. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes that are already roots, and the function is supposed to return them. But that's not clear. However, given the function's current signature, perhaps the 'roots' parameter is not used, and the code can ignore it.

But the user's instruction says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. So the code must include the 'roots' parameter, even if it's not used. However, in the function's current description, the 'roots' parameter is optional and the function returns the roots. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a starting set of roots, and the function is supposed to find all roots by considering the hierarchy. For example, if the user provides some roots, the function checks which of them are not children in any triple. But this is not clear.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes to consider as roots, and the function returns those that are not children in any triple. But that's not the case. For example, if the user provides a set of roots, the function would return those roots that are not children. But that's not the same as finding all roots.

This is confusing. However, given the function's docstring, the example, and the parameters, I think the 'roots' parameter is not used. So the code would ignore it. But perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing an initial set of roots, and the function is supposed to find all roots by considering the hierarchy. But without more information, it's hard to say.

But given the example in the docstring, the function is supposed to return all roots in the hierarchy. So the code should compute that. So the 'roots' parameter is not used. So the code would be as follows:

def find_roots(graph, prop, roots=None):
    # collect all subjects of triples with the given prop
    subjects = set()
    for s, p, o in graph.triples((None, prop, None)):
        subjects.add(s)
    # get all nodes in the graph
    all_nodes = set(graph.nodes())
    # roots are all nodes not in subjects
    result = all_nodes - subjects
    return result

But the function's parameters include 'roots', which is optional. But the code does not use it. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is not needed, and the function can ignore it. However, the user's function signature includes it. So perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for some other purpose. But given the information, I think the code is as above.

Now, writing the unit tests. The tests should cover cases where:

1. The graph has no triples. Then all nodes are roots.
2. The graph has some triples, and the roots are the nodes not in any subject.
3. There are nodes not in any triple, which should be included as roots.

But how to create such test cases? For example, using rdflib to create a graph.

So the unit tests would involve creating a graph, adding triples, and checking the output.

But since the user wants the code to be generated, and the tests first, perhaps I should generate the tests first.

But the user said to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, and output only the code. But the initial instruction says to follow a test-driven approach, first generating comprehensive unit tests before writing the actual code. But the user then says to output only the code generated. So perhaps the user wants the code, not the tests. But the initial instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, and the tips say to follow TDD, generate tests first. However, the user's final instruction says to output only the code generated, in Python markdown format.

So perhaps the user wants the code, not the tests. But the initial instruction says to generate the code based on the function signature and docstring, and the tips say to generate tests first. But the user says to output only the code. So perhaps the user wants the code, and the tests are for the assistant's own process.

But the user's instruction says: "Output ONLY the code generated, in python markdown format."

So the answer should be the code, not the tests. But the user's initial instruction says to follow TDD, generate tests first. But perhaps the user is just providing the function signature and wants the code. So I should proceed to generate the code.

So the code would be as I outlined earlier. But I need to make sure that the code is correct.

Another consideration: the graph may have multiple triples. For example, if a node is the subject of multiple triples, it's still considered once in the subjects set.

Also, the 'roots' parameter is optional. So in the code, the function can ignore it. But perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing an initial set of roots, and the function is supposed to find all roots by considering the hierarchy. But that's unclear.

But given the function's description, the code is as follows:

def find_roots(graph, prop, roots=None):
    subjects = set()
    for s, p, o in graph.triples((None, prop, None)):
        subjects.add(s)
    all_nodes = set(graph.nodes())
    return all_nodes - subjects

But wait, the 'roots' parameter is not used. So perhaps the function is supposed to return the roots provided, but that doesn't make sense. Or perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes to consider as roots, and the function returns those that are not children. But that's not clear.

Alternatively, perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing a set of nodes that are already roots, and the function is supposed to find the roots by traversing the hierarchy. For example, if the user provides some roots, the function would check which of them are not children. But again, this is unclear.

But given the function's example, the 'roots' parameter is not used. So perhaps it's a mistake in the function signature, or perhaps it's intended for some other purpose. However, since the user provided the function signature, I have to include it. But in the code, the 'roots' parameter is not used. So perhaps the code is correct as is.

So the code is as written above.

Now, considering that the function is supposed to return a set of nodes, and the 'roots' parameter is optional. But the function's code doesn't use it, so it's ignored. But perhaps the 'roots' parameter is for providing an initial set of roots, and the function is supposed to find all roots by considering the hierarchy. But that's not clear.

In any case, given the information, the code is as written.
