
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the make_parsers function based on the given signature and docstring. The function is supposed to build a top-level parser and its subparsers, then return them as a tuple. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that in Python, the argparse module is commonly used for parsing command-line arguments. So the function will likely use argparse. The top-level parser is usually an ArgumentParser object. Then, subparsers are added to it using add_subparsers(). 

Wait, the function's name is make_parsers, and it returns a tuple of the top-level parser and its subparsers. So maybe the top-level parser is created, then subparsers are added, and both are returned. But how exactly?

Let me recall: when you create a subparsers object, it's typically done by calling add_subparsers() on the main parser. The subparsers themselves are an instance of argparse._SubParsersAction, but maybe the function is expecting to return the main parser and the subparsers object. 

So the steps would be:

1. Import argparse.
2. Create the top-level parser using argparse.ArgumentParser().
3. Add subparsers to the top-level parser using parser.add_subparsers().
4. Return both the top-level parser and the subparsers as a tuple.

But wait, the subparsers are added as a property of the main parser. So maybe the code would look like this:

def make_parsers():
    import argparse
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers()
    return parser, subparsers

That seems straightforward. However, sometimes people might want to create subparsers with specific options, like dest or help messages. But the docstring doesn't mention any specific configuration, so the default setup should be fine.

I should check if the subparsers need to be initialized with any parameters. The default add_subparsers() doesn't require any arguments, so it's okay to call it without. The returned tuple is (parser, subparsers), which matches the function's description.

Yes, this should work. The code imports argparse, creates the main parser, adds subparsers, and returns them. No additional configurations are needed as per the given information.
