
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the function generate_default_observer_schema that takes an app as an argument. The docstring says it's for creating default observer schemas for Kubernetes resources in the app's spec.manifest, but only if a custom one isn't already specified.

First, I should figure out what the app object looks like. Probably, it has a spec attribute with a manifest, which is a list of Kubernetes resources. Each resource might have an observer_schema field. The function needs to check each resource in the manifest. If the observer_schema is not present or not custom, it should generate a default one.

Wait, the docstring mentions "for which a custom observer schema hasn't been specified." So maybe each resource in the manifest has an observer_schema, and we need to replace it with a default if it's not custom. But how do we determine if it's custom? Maybe if it's not the default schema?

Hmm, I need to think about the structure. Let's assume that each Kubernetes resource in the manifest is a dictionary. The function should iterate over each resource in app.spec.manifest. For each resource, check if 'observer_schema' is present. If not, generate a default. If it is present, maybe check if it's marked as custom. But the problem statement isn't clear on that. Alternatively, maybe the presence of 'observer_schema' indicates that a custom one is already there, so we don't generate a default. But that might not be the case. Maybe the default is generated only if the observer_schema is not specified.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to generate a default schema for each resource that doesn't have an observer_schema defined. So the steps would be:

1. Iterate through each item in app.spec.manifest.
2. For each item, check if 'observer_schema' exists.
3. If it doesn't exist, generate a default schema and add it to the item.
4. If it does exist, leave it as is (assuming it's a custom one).

But what's the structure of the default schema? The problem doesn't specify, so I need to make an assumption. Maybe the default schema is a predefined dictionary or generated based on some rules. Since the user hasn't provided details, perhaps the function is supposed to create a basic schema, like a dictionary with a 'type' key set to 'default' or something similar.

Wait, the function's name is generate_default_observer_schema. So perhaps the default schema is a standard one that's generated for each resource. Let's say that for each resource, the default observer schema is a simple structure, maybe based on the resource's kind or apiVersion. But without more info, I can't know. Maybe the function is part of a larger system where there's a way to generate the schema based on the resource's metadata.

Alternatively, maybe the app object has a method or a helper function to generate the default schema. But since the user hasn't provided that, I need to create a placeholder. For example, the function could generate a schema with a default type and some fields.

Wait, the user might expect that the code uses some existing logic. But since I don't have that, I'll have to make up a plausible implementation. Let's think: for each Kubernetes resource in the manifest, if there's no observer_schema, create one. Let's say the default schema is a dictionary with 'type' as 'default' and maybe some other fields like 'version' or 'rules'.

But perhaps the actual code would involve checking the resource's kind and generating a schema accordingly. However, without knowing the specifics, I can't code that. So maybe the function is supposed to add a default schema to each resource that doesn't have one. The code would look something like:

for resource in app.spec.manifest:
    if 'observer_schema' not in resource:
        resource['observer_schema'] = generate_default_schema(resource)

But then, where is generate_default_schema defined? The user hasn't provided that. Maybe it's a helper function inside the same module. But since the user only asked for generate_default_observer_schema, perhaps I need to implement that helper as well.

Alternatively, maybe the default schema is a fixed structure. Let me think. The user might expect that the code is part of a Kubernetes operator or similar, where each resource has an observer schema. So, for example, the default schema could be a simple one that just monitors certain fields.

But since I don't have the exact details, I need to make an assumption. Let me proceed with the following approach:

- The function loops through each resource in app.spec.manifest.
- For each resource, checks if 'observer_schema' is present.
- If not, creates a default schema. Let's say the default schema is a dictionary with a 'type' key set to 'default' and some other keys like 'version' or 'rules' as needed.

But perhaps the actual code would be more involved, like using the resource's metadata to generate the schema. However, without more information, I'll create a basic example.

Another thing to consider: the app parameter's structure. Assuming that app is an object with a spec attribute, which has a manifest attribute that's a list of dictionaries. So, in code:

def generate_default_observer_schema(app):
    for resource in app.spec.manifest:
        if not resource.get('observer_schema'):
            resource['observer_schema'] = {
                'type': 'default',
                'version': '1.0',
                'rules': []
            }
    return app

But maybe the function is supposed to return the modified manifest or something else. The original function's return type isn't specified, but the docstring says it generates the schema, so perhaps modifying the app's manifest in place.

Alternatively, maybe the function returns a new schema or updates the app's spec. But the original code's return is not specified. The user's function signature doesn't have a return, but in Python, functions can return None unless specified. However, the code might need to return the updated app or the schemas.

But the user hasn't provided details, so I'll proceed with the assumption that the function modifies the app's manifest in place by adding the observer_schema to each resource that lacks it.

So the code would be something like:

def generate_default_observer_schema(app):
    """
    Generate the default observer schema for each Kubernetes resource present in ``spec.manifest`` for which a custom observer schema hasn't been specified.
    """
    for resource in app.spec.manifest:
        if 'observer_schema' not in resource:
            resource['observer_schema'] = {
                'type': 'default',
                'rules': [
                    {'field': 'metadata.name', 'action': 'monitor'},
                    {'field': 'status', 'action': 'monitor'}
                ]
            }
    return app

But I need to make sure that the code is correct. Also, perhaps the app.spec.manifest is a list, and each resource is a dict. The code checks if 'observer_schema' is not present and then adds it. The actual schema structure depends on the system's requirements, but since the user hasn't provided specifics, this is a plausible example.

Another possibility: the function is part of a class, and app is an instance of that class. But the function is defined as a standalone function, so I'll assume that app is a passed-in object with the necessary attributes.

So the final code would be the function that loops through each resource in the manifest and adds the observer_schema if it's missing. The schema's content is a placeholder as per the problem's lack of details.
