
Okay, I need to write a Python function called _shuffled that takes a sequence of strings and returns a shuffled list of them. The docstring mentions using a FIXED_RANDOM_SEED, so I should make sure to set that seed before shuffling. Let me think about how to do this.

First, I'll import the necessary modules. The random module is needed for shuffling, and I'll also need Sequence from typing, since the input is a Sequence of strings. Wait, the function parameter is annotated with Sequence[str], so I should include that in the imports.

Next, the function needs to shuffle the sequence. But since the seed is fixed, the shuffle will be reproducible. The FIXED_RANDOM_SEED is probably a variable defined somewhere else, but the user didn't mention it. Oh, right, the docstring says "with the given FIXED_RANDOM_SEED," so maybe that's a global variable or a constant in the code. But since the user hasn't provided that, I should include it in the code. Wait, the problem says to generate code based on the function signature and docstring. The docstring refers to FIXED_RANDOM_SEED, but the function doesn't take it as a parameter. So maybe that seed is a predefined constant in the code. I should define it inside the function or as a global variable?

Hmm, the function is supposed to use the fixed seed. So perhaps the code should have a FIXED_RANDOM_SEED variable set, and then the function uses that. But since the user hasn't provided that, I need to include it in the code. Let me check the function signature again. The function is named _shuffled, which is a helper function, maybe. So I'll define the seed as a constant, maybe at the top of the code.

Wait, the user's instruction says to generate code based on the given function signature and docstring. The docstring says "with the given FIXED_RANDOM_SEED," implying that the seed is provided elsewhere. But since the function doesn't take it as an argument, maybe the seed is a module-level constant. So I should include that in the code.

So the steps are:

1. Import random and Sequence from typing.
2. Define FIXED_RANDOM_SEED as a constant, maybe 42 as a common choice.
3. In the function, set random.seed(FIXED_RANDOM_SEED).
4. Then, create a copy of the input sequence to avoid modifying the original.
5. Use random.shuffle on the copied list.
6. Return the shuffled list.

Wait, but the input is a Sequence, which could be a list, tuple, etc. So converting it to a list first. Also, need to make sure that the original sequence isn't modified. So inside the function, I'll convert seq to a list, then shuffle that list.

Putting it all together:

Import statements:

import random
from typing import Sequence, List

Then the constant:

FIXED_RANDOM_SEED = 42

But maybe the user expects the seed to be passed in? No, the function signature doesn't include it. The docstring says "given FIXED_RANDOM_SEED," which suggests that it's a predefined value. So I'll define it in the code.

Wait, but the function is named _shuffled, which is a private function. So perhaps the seed is set elsewhere, but the function uses it. However, since the user hasn't provided that, I need to include it. So I'll add the seed definition.

So the code would look like:

import random
from typing import Sequence, List

FIXED_RANDOM_SEED = 42

def _shuffled(seq: Sequence[str]) -> List[str]:
    """
    Shuffle a given seq with the given FIXED_RANDOM_SEED
    """
    random.seed(FIXED_RANDOM_SEED)
    shuffled_list = list(seq)
    random.shuffle(shuffled_list)
    return shuffled_list

Wait, but the seed is fixed, so setting it inside the function might be okay. However, if the function is called multiple times, each call would reset the seed, which might not be desired. But according to the docstring, it's supposed to use the fixed seed each time. So that's correct.

Alternatively, maybe the seed is set outside, but the function is supposed to use that. However, since the problem says to generate code based on the given info, and the seed isn't in the parameters, I think defining it as a constant inside the code is the way to go.

I think that's the correct approach. Let me make sure that the function returns a list of strings. The input is a Sequence of strings, so converting to a list is appropriate. The shuffle is done in-place, but we made a copy, so that's okay.

Yes, this should work.
