
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the make_parsers function based on the given signature and docstring. The function is supposed to build a parser and its subparsers and return them as a tuple. Let me think about how to approach this.

First, I remember that in Python, the argparse module is commonly used for parsing command-line arguments. So the main parser would be an ArgumentParser object. Then, subparsers are added to it using add_subparsers(). Each subparser corresponds to a subcommand.

The function should return a tuple containing the main parser and the subparsers. Wait, but when you add subparsers, you get a Subparsers object. So maybe the tuple is (parser, subparsers)? Let me check the standard way of doing this. Yes, typically you create the main parser, then add subparsers to it. The subparsers object is what you use to add the individual subcommands.

So the steps are: import argparse, create the main parser, add subparsers, and return them as a tuple. But the docstring says "return them as a tuple", so probably (parser, subparsers).

Wait, but sometimes people might want to return the subparsers as a list or something else. However, the standard approach is to have the main parser and the subparsers object. Let me make sure. For example, in many examples, you have:

parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
subparsers = parser.add_subparsers()
return parser, subparsers

Yes, that seems right. So the code would be:

import argparse

def make_parsers():
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    subparsers = parser.add_subparsers()
    return parser, subparsers

But wait, the user didn't specify any particular subcommands or arguments. The function is just to set up the parser and subparsers. So the code is straightforward. I should make sure that the subparsers are properly added. Also, maybe the subparsers need a help message or some other configuration. However, the problem doesn't mention any specific options, so the minimal implementation is sufficient.

I think that's all. The code should import argparse, create the parser, add subparsers, and return the tuple. No need for any additional setup since the user hasn't specified any particular subcommands or arguments. So the generated code would look like that.
