
Okay, let's see. I need to write a Python function called parse_subparser_arguments that takes in a list of unparsed arguments and a dictionary of subparsers. The goal is to let each subparser try to parse all the arguments, so that common arguments can be shared. Then return a dict mapping subparser names to their parsed namespaces and a list of remaining arguments.

Hmm, first, I remember that argparse's subparsers work by requiring a specific command. But in this case, the function is supposed to allow each subparser to parse all arguments, not just the ones that follow their command. That's a bit different from the standard setup. Normally, when you have subparsers, you specify the command first, and then the arguments for that command. But here, maybe the idea is that any subparser can take any arguments, even if they don't have a specific command. Or perhaps the function is designed to check which subparsers can parse the arguments, even if they don't have a command specified?

Wait, the docstring says that common arguments like --repository can be shared across multiple subparsers. So maybe the approach is to iterate through each subparser in the subparsers dictionary, and for each one, try to parse the arguments. But how do you handle the fact that subparsers typically require a command?

Wait, maybe the function is intended to be used in a scenario where the subparsers are not mutually exclusive, and the user can pass arguments that are relevant to multiple subparsers. But the standard argparse setup would require that only one subparser is used at a time. However, the problem here is that the user might have provided arguments that are applicable to multiple subparsers, and we need to parse them all, but then figure out which ones are claimed by which subparser.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is meant to parse the arguments for each subparser, even if they don't have a command. But that might not be possible with the standard argparse. Maybe the subparsers here are not set up with required commands? Or maybe the function is designed to check each subparser's arguments, and if they can parse some of the arguments, they do so, and the remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse.

Wait, the function's parameters are a sequence of arguments (unparsed_arguments) and a dict of subparser names to ArgumentParser instances. So, for each subparser in the dict, we need to try parsing the arguments. But how do we do that? Because normally, when you have subparsers, you have to specify which one is used. But maybe in this case, each subparser is a separate parser, and we can try to parse the arguments with each one, regardless of the command.

But that might not be straightforward. For example, if a subparser has a required argument that's not present, it would fail. However, the function is supposed to let each subparser have a shot at parsing all the arguments. So perhaps the approach is to create a new namespace for each subparser, parse the arguments into that namespace, and then collect the ones that are successfully parsed.

Wait, but how do you parse the same arguments with multiple parsers? Because the arguments might be shared. For example, if --repository is a common argument, each subparser might have that argument. But when you parse with one subparser, it would take that argument, and others might not. But the problem says that each subparser should get a chance to parse all arguments. So maybe the function is intended to parse the arguments for each subparser, even if they don't have a command, and collect the parsed namespaces for each, but also track which arguments were consumed.

Wait, but that's not how argparse works. Each ArgumentParser instance is supposed to parse the arguments given to it. If you pass the same arguments to multiple parsers, they might parse them differently. However, the function's purpose is to allow each subparser to parse all the arguments. So perhaps the idea is to check if the subparser can parse the arguments, and if so, record the parsed values. But how do you determine if the subparser can parse the arguments?

Alternatively, maybe the function is trying to find which subparser's arguments are present in the unparsed_arguments. For example, if the user has a command like 'action1' and 'action2', but the function is supposed to check all subparsers, regardless of the command. But that seems conflicting with standard argparse usage.

Wait, perhaps the function is being used in a way where the subparsers are not required to have a command. For instance, maybe the subparsers are set up with add_parser and not requiring a command. But that's not typical. Let me think.

The standard approach for subparsers is that you have a command, like 'action1', and then the arguments for that action. But if you want multiple subparsers to parse the same arguments, perhaps the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser, even if they don't have a command. But how can that be done?

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a custom argument parsing mechanism, not using the standard argparse way. For example, each subparser is a separate parser, and the function tries to parse the arguments with each one, regardless of the command. But that might not be possible because the argparse.ArgumentParser requires the command to be present. Unless the subparsers are not set up with required commands.

Wait, perhaps the subparsers in the dict are not the ones created with add_subparsers, but individual ArgumentParser instances that can be used to parse the arguments. But that seems odd. Let me think again.

The function's docstring says that common arguments can be shared across multiple subparsers. So, for example, if you have two subparsers, 'action1' and 'action2', both of which accept --repository. The user could pass --repository with either action, and the function would parse it for both. But that's not how argparse works normally. Normally, you'd have a single --repository argument that is common to all subparsers, but when you parse with a specific subparser, it would take that argument.

Wait, maybe the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser, even if they don't have a command. So, for example, if the user has a list of arguments that include --repository and some other action-specific arguments, but the function is trying to check each subparser's arguments to see if they can parse them. But how would that work? Because argparse requires that the command is specified.

Alternatively, maybe the function is not using the standard argparse way. Maybe each subparser is a separate parser that can parse the arguments, and the function is trying to find which subparsers have their required arguments present in the unparsed list. But that's a bit unclear.

Wait, the function returns a dict mapping from subparser name to a parsed namespace. So for each subparser in the subparsers dict, we need to parse the arguments. But how? Because normally, when you have subparsers, you have to select one. Unless the subparsers are not mutually exclusive. But the function seems to be allowing multiple subparsers to parse the same arguments. That's confusing.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is designed to parse the arguments for each subparser, and collect the parsed values. However, since the same arguments can be parsed by multiple subparsers, but the user might have intended to use only one, this approach might not be standard. But the problem says to do that, so I need to proceed accordingly.

So the approach would be: for each subparser in the subparsers dictionary, attempt to parse the arguments. Then, collect the parsed namespaces for each subparser. But how to handle overlapping arguments?

Wait, but the problem says that the function should give each requested action's subparser a shot at parsing all arguments. So maybe the user has provided arguments that are relevant to multiple subparsers, and the function is supposed to parse them for each subparser. However, the standard argparse setup would not allow that unless the subparsers are not mutually exclusive.

But perhaps the function is intended to be used in a way where the subparsers are not required to have a command. For example, maybe the subparsers are not part of a subparsers group, but are separate parsers. So, for each subparser, we can try to parse the arguments, and if they can be parsed, then we record that. But how do we know which arguments are claimed by which subparser?

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments for each subparser, and then collect the remaining arguments that were not parsed by any. But how to track which arguments are consumed?

Wait, here's an idea: for each subparser, we can create a new namespace, and try to parse the arguments. However, since the same arguments can be parsed by multiple subparsers, this might not be the right approach. But perhaps the function is designed to check which subparsers can parse the arguments, and then collect their parsed values. However, the problem says that common arguments can be shared, so maybe the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse.

But how to implement that? Because each ArgumentParser instance would parse the arguments, but the same arguments can be parsed by multiple parsers. However, the function is supposed to return a parsed namespace for each subparser, even if they don't have a command. But that might not be possible with argparse's standard behavior.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to check each subparser's arguments, and for each, parse the arguments into a namespace, but without requiring the command. For example, if the subparsers are set up without requiring a command, then you can parse the arguments with any of them.

Wait, perhaps the subparsers in the dict are not the ones that require a command. Maybe they are separate parsers that can be used to parse the arguments. For example, each subparser is a parser that can take some arguments, and the function is trying to parse the arguments with each of them, regardless of the command. But then, how do you handle the fact that some arguments are specific to a subparser?

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a custom argument parsing system where the user can specify multiple subparsers, and each one can parse their own arguments. But that's not the standard way argparse works.

Hmm, perhaps the key here is that the function is not using the standard subparsers setup. Instead, each subparser is a separate ArgumentParser that can parse the arguments, and the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser. However, since the same arguments can be parsed by multiple subparsers, the function would need to collect all the parsed namespaces, but also track which arguments were consumed.

But that's not how argparse works. Normally, when you parse arguments, you pass them to the parser, and the parser consumes the arguments it knows about. However, if you have multiple parsers, each trying to parse the same arguments, they might all parse the same arguments, leading to duplication. But the problem says to give each subparser a shot at parsing all arguments. So perhaps the function is trying to parse the arguments with each subparser, and for each, collect the parsed arguments, even if they are the same. Then, the remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse.

Wait, but that would mean that each subparser's parser is trying to parse the entire list of arguments. However, in argparse, the parser would normally expect certain arguments. For example, if a subparser has a required argument, but that argument is not present in the unparsed_arguments, then parsing would fail. But the problem says to let each subparser have a shot. So maybe the function is supposed to try parsing with each subparser, and if it can parse without errors, then record the namespace. But how to handle the fact that some arguments may be parsed by multiple subparsers?

Alternatively, maybe the function is designed to parse the arguments for each subparser, but the subparsers are not mutually exclusive. For example, if a user provides arguments that apply to multiple subparsers, each can parse them. But that's not standard.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is intended to be used in a way where the subparsers are not part of a subparsers group. For example, each subparser is a separate parser, and the function is trying to parse the arguments with each, possibly allowing multiple subparsers to be used. But how would that work?

Wait, maybe the function is part of a system where multiple subparsers can be invoked, and each one can parse their own arguments. For example, if the user runs a command that includes multiple subparsers, but that's not standard. However, the function's docstring says that common arguments can be shared across multiple subparsers, so perhaps the idea is that each subparser can take the same arguments, and the function is trying to parse them all, even if they are not part of a subparsers group.

But I'm not sure. Let's think about the code structure.

The function needs to take a list of unparsed arguments (like sys.argv[1:]) and a dictionary of subparsers (name to ArgumentParser). For each subparser, we need to parse the arguments. However, the standard way to parse arguments with argparse is to call parse_args on the parser. But if we call parse_args on each subparser, they would all parse the same arguments, but that's not how it's usually done.

Wait, perhaps the idea is that the subparsers are not mutually exclusive, and the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser, allowing them to have their own arguments. But that would require that the subparsers are not part of a subparsers group. Maybe the subparsers are separate parsers, and the function is trying to parse the arguments for each, regardless of the command. But that's not the typical use case.

Alternatively, maybe the function is trying to find which subparser's arguments are present in the unparsed list. For example, if the user has provided some arguments that belong to a specific subparser, then that subparser's parser would parse them, and others would not. But how to determine which subparser is being used?

Wait, maybe the function is designed to check each subparser's arguments, and for each, parse the arguments into a namespace, but without requiring the command. For example, if the subparsers are not set up with a required command, then you can parse the arguments with each one. But how would that work? Let me think of an example.

Suppose we have two subparsers, 'action1' and 'action2'. Each has their own arguments. For example, 'action1' takes --repo and --action1-specific, while 'action2' takes --repo and --action2-specific. The user provides --repo and --action1-specific. Then, when we parse with 'action1' parser, it would parse both, but when parsing with 'action2' parser, it would parse --repo but not --action1-specific, leading to an error. However, the function is supposed to let each subparser have a shot at parsing all arguments. So perhaps the function is trying to parse the arguments with each subparser, and if they can be parsed without errors, then record the namespace. Otherwise, skip that subparser.

But that seems a bit odd. How do you check if a parser can parse the arguments without actually requiring them? For example, if the subparser has some optional arguments, but the user didn't provide them, then the parser would still parse the arguments it can.

Wait, the function's goal is to parse the arguments for each subparser, allowing common arguments to be shared. So, perhaps the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser, and collect the parsed namespaces. The remaining arguments would be those that were not consumed by any of the subparsers.

But how to track which arguments were consumed? Because when you parse with a parser, it consumes the arguments that it knows about. However, if you parse the same arguments multiple times with different parsers, each parser will parse the same arguments again. That might not be the intended approach.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to parse the arguments once, but for each subparser, check if the arguments match the subparser's expected arguments. But that's not straightforward with argparse.

Hmm, perhaps the function is not using the standard argparse way. Maybe each subparser is a separate parser that can be used to parse the arguments, and the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser, regardless of the command. Then, the remaining arguments are those that were not parsed by any of the subparsers.

But how to do that? Let's think: for each subparser in the subparsers dict, create a new namespace, and try to parse the arguments. However, since the same arguments are being parsed by multiple parsers, the function would need to track which arguments are consumed. But that's not how argparse works. Each call to parse_args would process the arguments, but if you pass the same arguments again, they would be parsed again, leading to possible duplication.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that were not consumed by any of the subparsers. But how to track which arguments were consumed?

Wait, maybe the approach is to use the parser's parse_known_args method. That way, the parser will parse the arguments it knows about, and return the parsed namespace and the remaining arguments. Then, for each subparser, we can call parse_known_args, and collect the parsed arguments and the remaining ones. However, the problem is that the same arguments might be parsed by multiple subparsers, leading to overlapping.

But the function is supposed to return a dict of subparser names to their parsed namespaces. So perhaps for each subparser, we parse the arguments, and if the subparser's parser can parse some of them, then we record that. However, the remaining arguments would be those that none of the subparsers could parse.

But how to do this? Let's think step by step.

The function takes unparsed_arguments, which is a list of strings (like sys.argv[1:]). The subparsers is a dictionary mapping names to ArgumentParser instances.

For each subparser name and parser in the subparsers dictionary:

- We need to try parsing the unparsed_arguments with that parser.

But the problem is that the same arguments might be parsed by multiple subparsers. However, the function's docstring says that common arguments can be shared. So maybe the idea is that each subparser can parse the same arguments, and the function is trying to parse them all, even if they are not part of a subparsers group.

Wait, perhaps the function is designed for a scenario where the user can pass multiple subparser commands, but that's not standard. For example, if the user runs a command that includes multiple subparsers, but that's not how argparse works. Normally, you can only have one subparser command.

But given that the function is supposed to parse the arguments for each subparser, maybe the approach is to parse the arguments for each subparser, even if they don't have a command. For example, each subparser is a separate parser that can take some arguments, and the function is trying to parse the arguments with each of them, and collect the parsed namespaces. However, since the same arguments can be parsed by multiple subparsers, this could lead to multiple entries in the dict.

But then, how to handle the remaining arguments? For example, if a subparser parses some arguments, the remaining would be the ones not parsed by that subparser. But if multiple subparsers are parsed, the remaining arguments would be those not parsed by any of them.

Wait, but the function needs to return a list of remaining arguments not claimed by any subparser. So perhaps the approach is to parse the arguments with each subparser, and for each, check which arguments were consumed. Then, collect all the arguments that were consumed by any subparser, and the remaining are those that weren't consumed by any.

But how to track which arguments were consumed. Because when you call parse_known_args, it returns the parsed namespace and the remaining arguments. However, if we call parse_known_args on each subparser, the remaining arguments would be different each time. But since the function needs to find the remaining arguments after all subparsers have had a chance to parse, perhaps we need to process each subparser in sequence, and for each, parse the arguments, then update the unparsed_arguments list to the remaining ones, and proceed.

Wait, that might make sense. For example, the function could iterate through each subparser, parse the arguments with that subparser, and then keep the remaining arguments. But that would mean that once a subparser parses some arguments, those are removed from the list, and the next subparsers would parse the remaining ones. However, this approach would require that the order of processing subparsers affects which arguments are claimed. But the problem statement doesn't mention anything about order, which is a bit confusing.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to parse the arguments with each subparser independently, and collect all parsed namespaces, but the remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse. However, this would require that each subparser is given the entire list of arguments to parse, and the remaining arguments are the ones not parsed by that subparser. Then, the overall remaining arguments would be the intersection of all the remaining arguments from each subparser. But that seems complicated.

Wait, but the function's docstring says that the remaining arguments are those not claimed by any subparser. So, if a subparser claims some arguments, then those are considered consumed. But how to determine which arguments are consumed by which subparser.

This is getting a bit stuck. Let's think of an example. Suppose the unparsed_arguments are ['--repository', 'myrepo', '--action1-specific', 'value1', '--action2-specific', 'value2'].

If there are two subparsers: 'action1' and 'action2', each with their own specific arguments and the --repository.

For 'action1' parser, when we parse the arguments, it would parse --repository and --action1-specific. For 'action2' parser, it would parse --repository and --action2-specific. But the function is supposed to return a dict with each subparser's parsed arguments. However, the same --repository argument is being parsed by both. But that's not possible because the argument is consumed once.

But the problem says that common arguments can be shared. So maybe the function is designed to allow multiple subparsers to have the same arguments, and each can parse them. However, in reality, the same argument can't be parsed twice. So perhaps the function is not intended to parse the arguments in a way that consumes them, but rather to check if the arguments are valid for that subparser.

Alternatively, maybe the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser, but not consuming them. But that's not how argparse works. The parse_args method consumes the arguments.

Wait, perhaps the function is intended to be used in a way where the subparsers are not mutually exclusive, and the user can pass arguments that apply to multiple subparsers. But the function needs to parse them for each subparser. However, this is not the standard way of using argparse, but the problem requires it.

Alternatively, maybe the function is trying to parse the arguments with each subparser, but allowing each to parse their own arguments, and the remaining arguments are those that were not parsed by any of the subparsers. So, for example, if a subparser can parse some arguments, those are considered consumed, and the remaining arguments are those that weren't parsed by any subparser.

But how to track that. Let's think of a way to do this.

The function could iterate over each subparser in the subparsers dictionary. For each, it would call parse_known_args, which returns the parsed namespace and the remaining arguments. However, since we want to collect all the arguments that are claimed by any subparser, perhaps we need to check which arguments are parsed by each subparser and then subtract them from the original list.

But that's not straightforward. Because the same argument might be parsed by multiple subparsers. For example, --repository is common, so each subparser would parse it. But in reality, once it's parsed by one, it's not available for others.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments for each subparser, and for each, the parsed arguments are stored, and the remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse. But how to do that.

Wait, here's a possible approach:

1. For each subparser, create a copy of the unparsed_arguments list.

2. Call parse_known_args on the subparser's parser with the copy of the arguments.

3. If the subparser's parser can parse the arguments (without errors), then record the parsed namespace and note which arguments were consumed.

But the problem is that the same arguments may be parsed by multiple subparsers. However, the function's docstring says that the remaining arguments are those not claimed by any subparser. So perhaps the idea is to find which arguments are not recognized by any of the subparsers.

But that's not exactly what the function is supposed to do. The function's goal is to give each subparser a chance to parse all the arguments, and return the parsed namespaces for each, along with the remaining arguments that none could parse.

Wait, maybe the function is trying to parse the arguments for each subparser, and if the subparser can parse them (without errors), then it's considered as having claimed those arguments. But how to determine which arguments are claimed by each subparser.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and collect the parsed namespaces. However, since the same arguments are being parsed by multiple subparsers, this might not be the intended approach. But given the problem statement, I need to proceed.

Another thought: maybe the function is intended to be used in a scenario where the subparsers are not required to have a command. For example, each subparser is a separate parser that can be used to parse the arguments. But in that case, the function would need to parse the arguments with each parser, and collect the parsed namespaces. However, this would require that the subparsers are not part of a subparsers group. But how would that work?

Alternatively, perhaps the function is designed to parse the arguments for each subparser, but not requiring the command. So, for example, the subparsers are not set up with a required command. Let's say that each subparser's parser has some arguments, and the function is trying to parse the arguments with each, even if they don't have a command. But that's possible if the subparsers are not part of a subparsers group. For example, if you have multiple parsers, each with their own arguments, and you can call parse_args on each, but that would require that the command line doesn't have a command, which is not typical.

But perhaps the function is intended to be used in a way where the user can provide multiple subparser names, and each subparser's arguments are parsed. However, the problem statement doesn't mention that. It just says that the function allows common arguments to be shared.

This is getting complicated. Let me think of how to approach writing the code.

The function needs to return a dictionary of subparser names to parsed namespaces, and a list of remaining arguments. So for each subparser in subparsers, we need to parse the arguments into a namespace. However, since the same arguments may be parsed by multiple subparsers, but the function is supposed to return all of them, maybe the approach is to parse the arguments with each subparser, and collect the parsed namespaces. The remaining arguments would be those that were not parsed by any subparser. But how to track that.

Wait, here's a possible approach:

For each subparser, we can try to parse the arguments, and if the subparser can parse them without errors, then we record the parsed namespace. However, since the same arguments may be parsed by multiple subparsers, the function may return multiple namespaces with overlapping arguments. But the remaining arguments would be those that are not recognized by any of the subparsers.

But how to do this in code. Let's think of using the parse_known_args method for each subparser. For example, for each subparser, we call parse_known_args on the unparsed_arguments, and collect the parsed namespace and the remaining arguments. However, this would mean that each subparser is given the entire list of arguments to parse, and the remaining arguments are those that the subparser didn't recognize. But the function is supposed to return the remaining arguments that none of the subparsers could parse. So, the overall remaining arguments would be the intersection of all the remaining arguments from each subparser.

But that's not feasible, as each subparser's parse_known_args would return a different set of remaining arguments. However, the function's docstring says that the remaining arguments are those not claimed by any subparser. So perhaps the function is supposed to check for each subparser whether they can parse the arguments, and collect the parsed namespaces, but the remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse. However, this would require that we check which arguments are not recognized by any subparser.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, but not consume them. But that's not how argparse works.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is intended to parse the arguments with each subparser, but the subparsers are not part of a subparsers group. For example, each subparser is a separate parser, and the function is trying to parse the arguments for each, even if they are not mutually exclusive.

But how to do that. Let's think of code:

def parse_subparser_arguments(unparsed_arguments, subparsers):
    parsed = {}
    remaining_args = list(unparsed_arguments)
    for name, parser in subparsers.items():
        # Try to parse the arguments with this parser
        # But how to do it without consuming the arguments?
        # Maybe using parse_known_args
        ns, args = parser.parse_known_args(remaining_args)
        parsed[name] = ns
        remaining_args = args
    return parsed, remaining_args

Wait, but this approach would process the arguments sequentially. For example, if the first subparser parses some arguments, the remaining_args would be updated, and the next subparsers would parse the remaining arguments. However, this would mean that each subparser is given the remaining arguments after the previous ones have parsed theirs. But this seems like it's trying to parse the arguments in order, and the remaining arguments are those that weren't parsed by any of the subparsers. However, this approach would not allow multiple subparsers to parse the same arguments. For example, if a subparser has a common argument, and the next subparser also has that argument, the first subparser would parse it, and the second would not see it anymore.

But the docstring says that common arguments can be shared across multiple subparsers. So this approach may not be correct.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to parse the arguments for each subparser independently, and the remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse. But how to determine that.

For example, for each subparser, call parse_known_args on the original unparsed_arguments, then collect all the arguments that were not parsed by any subparser. However, this would require checking which arguments are not recognized by any subparser.

But that's not possible with the standard argparse methods. Because parse_known_args would return the arguments that are not recognized by that particular parser. To find the arguments not recognized by any parser, we need to check for each argument whether it's recognized by any of the subparsers.

But that's a lot more complex. How to do that?

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that were not parsed by any of them. But how to track that.

Another idea: the function could first collect all the arguments that are recognized by any subparser. Then, the remaining arguments are those not in that set. But how to collect that set.

But that would require checking for each argument in the unparsed_arguments whether it's recognized by any of the subparsers. However, argparse doesn't provide a straightforward way to check if an argument is recognized by a parser. You can use the parser's argument parser to check, but that's not trivial.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, but not consume them. But I don't think that's possible. The parse_args method consumes the arguments.

Hmm, perhaps I'm overcomplicating this. The docstring says that the function allows common arguments to be shared across multiple subparsers. Maybe the intended approach is to parse the arguments with each subparser, and for each, the parser will parse the common arguments and any specific to it. However, since the same arguments can be parsed by multiple subparsers, but the function is supposed to return a parsed namespace for each subparser. But how to do that without conflicting.

Wait, maybe the function is designed for a scenario where multiple subparsers are being used, and each can have their own arguments. For example, if the user runs a command that includes multiple subparsers, but that's not standard. However, the function is supposed to parse the arguments for each subparser, even if they don't have a command.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is part of a system where the subparsers are not mutually exclusive, and the user can pass arguments that apply to multiple subparsers. The function tries to parse the arguments for each subparser, and returns all parsed namespaces. The remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse.

But again, how to implement this.

Another approach: For each subparser, we can try to parse the entire unparsed_arguments list. The parse_known_args method returns the parsed namespace and the list of arguments that couldn't be parsed. So, if we process each subparser in turn, and for each, we parse the arguments, but keep track of which arguments were consumed. However, since the same arguments might be parsed by multiple subparsers, this approach may not work.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that are not recognized by any of the subparsers. So, the steps would be:

1. For each subparser, parse the arguments using parse_known_args, which returns the parsed namespace and the remaining arguments that couldn't be parsed by that subparser.

2. Collect all the arguments that are not recognized by any subparser. That would be the intersection of all the remaining arguments from each subparser.

But that's not feasible because each subparser's parse_known_args would return different remaining arguments. For example, if the first subparser parses some arguments, the remaining arguments would be those not parsed by it. The second subparser would then parse from the original arguments again, leading to possible duplication.

This seems like a problem. Maybe the intended approach is to parse the arguments with each subparser, and for each, collect the parsed namespace. The remaining arguments are those that were not parsed by any subparser. But how to track that.

Alternatively, the function might not be intended to parse the arguments in a way that consumes them, but rather to check if the arguments are valid for each subparser. However, the function's return value includes a list of remaining arguments, which implies that some arguments are consumed by the subparsers.

This is really confusing. Let's look for similar functions or examples.

Wait, perhaps the function is similar to how argparse handles subparsers, but in this case, the user is not required to specify a subparser command. For example, the function allows multiple subparsers to be used, and each can parse their own arguments. But this is not standard. Normally, you can only have one subparser command.

But given the problem statement, I need to proceed. Let's think of the following code:

The function will create a dictionary for each subparser. For each subparser, we can parse the arguments using parse_known_args. But since the function wants to let each subparser parse all arguments, perhaps we need to parse the arguments with each subparser, and collect the parsed namespace. However, since the same arguments are parsed by all subparsers, this would lead to each subparser having the same parsed arguments for the common ones. But the remaining arguments would be those that are not recognized by any subparser.

But how to find which arguments are not recognized by any subparser. Maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and collect all the arguments that were not parsed by any. But that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is intended to parse the arguments with each subparser, but not consume them. So, for example, each subparser parses the arguments, but the original list remains unchanged. However, argparse's parse_known_args method returns the parsed arguments and the remaining ones, but if you call it on the same list multiple times, it would parse the same arguments again. That's not helpful.

Wait, maybe the function is not about consuming the arguments but about checking which subparser's arguments are present in the unparsed list. For example, for each subparser, check if the arguments in the list match the subparser's expected arguments. But that's not how argparse works. Argparse doesn't have a method to check if the arguments are valid without parsing them.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and for each, the parsed arguments are stored. However, since the same arguments are parsed by multiple subparsers, the remaining arguments would be those that are not recognized by any subparser. But how to find that.

Another idea: The function can collect all the arguments that are recognized by any subparser. Then, the remaining arguments are those not in that set. But how to collect that set.

For example, for each argument in unparsed_arguments, check if it is recognized by any subparser. If not, it's part of the remaining arguments. But how to check if an argument is recognized by a parser.

In argparse, you can use the parser's parse_known_args method. If you call it with the arguments, it will parse the ones it knows and return the remaining. But if you call it with an empty list, it would return an empty namespace and the same list. However, to check if an argument is recognized, perhaps we can use the parser's argument parser to check if the argument is in the parser's argument list.

But how to do that. Maybe by checking the parser's _option_string_actions or something like that. But that's not a public API, and may be unstable.

Alternatively, we can try to parse the arguments with each subparser and see if any errors occur. But that's not efficient.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to parse the arguments for each subparser, and for each, the parsed namespace includes the common arguments. But since the same arguments are parsed by multiple subparsers, the function would return multiple namespaces with the same common arguments.

But how to implement this.

Let me think of a possible code structure.

For each subparser name and parser in subparsers.items():

- We can call parse_args on the parser, but that would require that the parser's required arguments are present. However, if the user didn't provide the required arguments for a particular subparser, this would throw an error. But the function is supposed to give each subparser a shot, so maybe we need to handle errors gracefully.

But the problem statement doesn't mention error handling. It just says to give each a shot at parsing all arguments. So perhaps we need to try parsing with each subparser, and if it fails, skip it. However, the function's return value is a dict of all subparsers that could parse the arguments, and the remaining arguments.

But how to do that. For example, for each subparser, try to parse the arguments, and if it can, store the namespace. But if it can't, maybe it's skipped. However, the function's docstring says "give each requested action's subparser a shot at parsing all arguments", which implies that all subparsers are tried, regardless of whether they can parse them or not. But how to handle errors.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments for each subparser, and if the subparser can't parse them (due to missing required arguments), it's still included in the dict with whatever it could parse. But that's not clear.

Alternatively, the function is designed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that were not parsed by any subparser. But how to track that.

Maybe the function is intended to parse the arguments with each subparser, and for each, the parsed namespace includes the arguments that the subparser can parse. The remaining arguments would be those that none of the subparsers could parse. However, since each subparser may parse different arguments, the remaining would be the arguments not parsed by any.

But how to implement this. For example, if we have two subparsers, 'a' and 'b', each with their own arguments. The user provides arguments that belong to both. Then, each subparser would parse their own arguments, and the remaining would be empty. But how to track which arguments were parsed by which subparser.

This seems very challenging. Maybe the intended approach is to parse the arguments with each subparser, and for each, the parsed arguments are stored, and the remaining arguments are those that are not parsed by any of the subparsers. However, since each subparser is parsed independently, the function would need to collect all the arguments that are not recognized by any of the subparsers.

But how to find that. One way is to collect all the arguments that are recognized by any subparser. For example, for each argument in unparsed_arguments, check if it is recognized by any subparser. The remaining arguments would be those not recognized by any subparser.

But how to check if an argument is recognized by a parser. One possible way is to use the parser's parse_known_args method. For example, if we call parse_known_args with the entire list of arguments, and if the remaining arguments are less than the original, then that argument was recognized by the parser. But this approach would require checking for each argument in the list whether it's recognized by any subparser.

But that's computationally expensive. For each argument in the list, check each subparser to see if it can parse it. However, this is not straightforward.

Alternatively, perhaps the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and the remaining arguments are the ones that are not parsed by any subparser. For example, for each subparser, we can call parse_known_args and see which arguments are left. Then, the overall remaining arguments would be those that are left after all subparsers have tried to parse them.

But how to do that. For example, the function could collect all the arguments that are not recognized by any subparser. Let's say we have a list of arguments. For each subparser, we call parse_known_args, and collect the set of arguments that were not parsed by that subparser. Then, the remaining arguments are the intersection of all those sets. But that's not correct, because if one subparser parses some arguments, others may not have parsed them.

Alternatively, the function could process the arguments once, and for each subparser, parse the arguments, but not consume them. But that's not possible with argparse.

At this point, I'm stuck. Maybe I should look for similar code examples or think of the standard way to handle this.

Wait, perhaps the function is designed to parse the arguments for each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that are not parsed by any of them. The way to do this is to first parse the arguments with each subparser, and collect the arguments that are not recognized by any.

But how to find which arguments are not recognized by any subparser. One approach is to create a set of all the arguments that are recognized by any subparser. Then, the remaining arguments are those not in that set.

But how to get that set. For each subparser, we can use the parser's parse_known_args with the entire list of arguments. The arguments that are not parsed by that subparser are the ones that are not recognized. So, for example, for each subparser, we can call parse_known_args and get the list of remaining arguments. Then, the union of all the arguments that are recognized by any subparser would be the original arguments minus the intersection of all the remaining arguments.

But this is getting complicated. Let's think of an example.

Suppose unparsed_arguments is ['--repo', 'myrepo', '--action1', 'val1', '--action2', 'val2'].

Subparsers are 'action1' and 'action2', each with their own arguments.

For 'action1' parser, parse_known_args would parse --repo and --action1, leaving ['--action2', 'val2'].

For 'action2' parser, parse_known_args would parse --repo and --action2, leaving ['--action1', 'val1'].

The remaining arguments after all subparsers have tried would be the arguments that are not parsed by any. But in this case, the arguments are parsed by each subparser, so the remaining would be empty. However, the original arguments have --repo, which is common, and --action1 and --action2, which are specific. But each subparser would parse their own specific arguments and the common ones.

But how to track which arguments are consumed by any subparser. The function's docstring says that the remaining arguments are those not claimed by any subparser. So, if an argument is claimed by at least one subparser, it's not in the remaining.

But how to find which arguments are claimed by any subparser. One possible way is to collect all the arguments that are parsed by any subparser. For example, for each subparser, parse the arguments with parse_known_args, and collect the arguments that were parsed. Then, the remaining arguments are those not in any of the parsed sets.

But this would require that for each subparser, we can determine which arguments were parsed. However, the parse_known_args method returns the parsed namespace and the remaining arguments. The parsed namespace contains the arguments that were parsed by that subparser. So, the arguments that were parsed by that subparser are the ones that were in the original list and are not in the remaining arguments.

So, for each subparser, we can call parse_known_args on the original unparsed_arguments. Then, the arguments that were parsed by that subparser are the ones that are in the original list but not in the remaining arguments. Then, the union of all parsed arguments across all subparsers would be the ones that are claimed by any subparser. The remaining arguments would be those not in any of the parsed sets.

But how to implement this. Let's think:

original_args = list(unparsed_arguments)
parsed_args_sets = set()
for name, parser in subparsers.items():
    ns, remaining = parser.parse_known_args(original_args)
    parsed_args = set(original_args) - set(remaining)
    parsed_args_sets.update(parsed_args)
remaining_args = [arg for arg in original_args if arg not in parsed_args_sets]

But this would collect all arguments that are recognized by any subparser, and the remaining would be those not recognized by any. However, this approach would not account for the order of the arguments. For example, if a subparser has an argument that comes after another, but the first subparser's parser consumes it, but the second one doesn't. However, in this approach, we are checking all subparsers against the original arguments, not sequentially.

But this would allow each subparser to parse the original arguments, and collect all the arguments that are recognized by any of them. Then, the remaining arguments are those that are not recognized by any subparser.

But the problem says that the function returns a dict mapping from subparser name to parsed namespace. So for each subparser, we need to parse the original arguments into their namespace. However, this may lead to overlapping parsed arguments. For example, if two subparsers both have --repo, then both would parse it. But in reality, the --repo argument is only present once. However, the function's docstring says that common arguments can be shared, so maybe that's acceptable.

But this approach would not consume the arguments, but just check which are recognized. However, the parsed namespaces would have the values parsed by each subparser. But that may not be correct, as the same argument may be parsed by multiple subparsers, leading to possible duplication.

But given the problem statement, perhaps this is the intended approach. So the code would be:

def parse_subparser_arguments(unparsed_arguments, subparsers):
    parsed = {}
    original_args = list(unparsed_arguments)
    for name, parser in subparsers.items():
        ns, _ = parser.parse_known_args(original_args)
        parsed[name] = ns
    # Now find the remaining arguments not recognized by any subparser
    # For each argument in original_args, check if it's not recognized by any subparser
    # To do that, for each argument, check if it's in the remaining of any subparser's parse_known_args
    # But that's not feasible unless we store the remaining for each subparser
    # Alternatively, for each subparser, call parse_known_args and collect the remaining arguments
    # Then, the overall remaining is the intersection of all those remaining arguments
    # But that's not correct either. Because if one subparser parses some arguments, others may not.
    # So perhaps the remaining arguments are those that are not parsed by any subparser.
    # To find that, we can collect all the arguments that were parsed by at least one subparser.

    # Let's collect all the arguments that were parsed by any subparser
    parsed_args = set()
    for name, parser in subparsers.items():
        ns, remaining = parser.parse_known_args(original_args)
        parsed_args.update(set(original_args) - set(remaining))
    remaining_args = [arg for arg in original_args if arg not in parsed_args]
    return parsed, remaining_args

But this would not account for the order of the arguments. For example, if a subparser has an argument that is optional, and another has a required argument, the code would still parse them all. However, this approach would not consume the arguments, but just check if they are recognized by any subparser.

But the parsed namespaces would be for each subparser, but they might have different values. However, the problem says that common arguments are shared. So maybe this is acceptable.

But this approach would not work for positional arguments, because the parse_known_args would parse positional arguments in the order they appear. However, the code above is trying to parse all arguments for each subparser, but not consuming them. So the parsed namespaces would have the values parsed by each subparser, even if they are the same arguments.

But this is a possible way to implement it. However, the problem says that the function should give each subparser a shot at parsing all arguments. This approach does that, but the parsed namespaces may have overlapping arguments.

But the function's return value is a dict of parsed namespaces for each subparser, which may include the same arguments parsed by multiple subparsers. That's acceptable according to the docstring.

But then, the remaining arguments are those that none of the subparsers could parse. So the code above would work for that part.

However, the problem is that the parsed namespaces may have different values for the same argument. For example, if a subparser has a --repo argument, and another subparser also has a --repo argument, but the user provided --repo once. Both subparsers would parse that --repo, but it's the same value. However, in reality, the parsed namespaces would have the same value for --repo. But this is a possible scenario.

But this seems like a possible solution. However, the function's docstring says that the remaining arguments are those not claimed by any subparser. The code above would collect those.

But I'm not sure if this is the correct approach. Another possibility is that the function is supposed to parse the arguments for each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that were not parsed by any subparser. However, since each subparser is parsed independently, the code would need to find which arguments are not recognized by any subparser.

But this code would work for that. However, the parsed namespaces would be for each subparser, and the remaining arguments would be those not recognized by any.

But then, what about the order of the arguments? For example, if a subparser has a positional argument that comes after another, but the code is not consuming the arguments. However, the parse_known_args method would parse the arguments it knows, regardless of order. But positional arguments are parsed in the order they appear, and if a subparser has a positional argument that's not present, it would throw an error. However, the problem says to give each subparser a shot, which may imply that errors are not handled here.

But the function's code may need to handle errors. However, the problem doesn't mention error handling, so perhaps it's assumed that the arguments are valid for at least one subparser.

But given the ambiguity, perhaps the intended solution is to parse the arguments with each subparser using parse_known_args, collect the parsed namespaces, and then find the remaining arguments as those not recognized by any subparser.

But then, the code would be something like:

def parse_subparser_arguments(unparsed_arguments, subparsers):
    parsed = {}
    original_args = list(unparsed_arguments)
    # First, collect all the arguments that are recognized by any subparser
    recognized_args = set()
    for name, parser in subparsers.items():
        ns, remaining = parser.parse_known_args(original_args)
        parsed[name] = ns
        recognized_args.update(set(original_args) - set(remaining))
    # The remaining arguments are those not in recognized_args
    remaining_args = [arg for arg in original_args if arg not in recognized_args]
    return parsed, remaining_args

But this code would parse each subparser's arguments against the original unparsed arguments, and collect the parsed namespaces. However, this may not be correct because parse_known_args would parse the arguments it knows, but the same argument may be parsed by multiple subparsers. However, the code would return all parsed namespaces, which may include the same arguments parsed multiple times.

But perhaps this is what the function is intended to do. However, this approach may not work for positional arguments that are required. For example, if a subparser requires a positional argument that's not present, then parse_known_args would return an error. But the problem says to give each subparser a shot, so maybe the code should handle that by catching exceptions.

But the problem doesn't mention error handling, so maybe it's assumed that the arguments are valid. However, that's not safe.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and for each, the parsed namespace is stored. The remaining arguments are those that are not parsed by any subparser. However, this requires that we check for each argument whether it is recognized by any subparser.

But the code I wrote earlier does that. However, I'm not sure if this is the correct approach.

Another thought: the function's name suggests that it's part of a larger argparse setup where the subparsers are not mutually exclusive. For example, in some cases, you can have multiple subparsers, but that's not standard. However, the function may be intended to parse the arguments for each subparser, and then the remaining arguments are those that are not parsed by any subparser.

But how to implement this. Let me think of using the parse_known_args method for each subparser, and collect the parsed arguments. Then, the remaining arguments would be the ones that are not parsed by any subparser.

But the code I wrote earlier would do that. However, the problem is that the same argument may be parsed by multiple subparsers, but the code would include it in the parsed namespaces of each. But that's acceptable according to the docstring.

But the function's return value is a tuple of (dict, list). The dict has the parsed namespaces for each subparser, and the list has the remaining arguments.

So, the code would be:

def parse_subparser_arguments(unparsed_arguments, subparsers):
    parsed = {}
    original_args = list(unparsed_arguments)
    recognized_args = set()
    for name, parser in subparsers.items():
        ns, remaining = parser.parse_known_args(original_args)
        parsed[name] = ns
        recognized_args.update(set(original_args) - set(remaining))
    remaining_args = [arg for arg in original_args if arg not in recognized_args]
    return parsed, remaining_args

But this code would not account for the order of the arguments. For example, if a subparser has a positional argument that must appear in a certain order, but the code is parsing the arguments for each subparser independently. However, this may not be the intended approach.

Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to parse the arguments with each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that are not parsed by any subparser. But the code above does that.

But I'm not sure. Another approach is to parse the arguments with each subparser, but not consume them. However, I don't think that's possible with argparse.

Alternatively, the function is intended to parse the arguments with each subparser, and the remaining arguments are those that are not parsed by any subparser. But this would require that the subparsers are not part of a subparsers group. For example, each subparser is a separate parser, and the function is trying to parse the arguments for each, and the remaining is the ones not parsed by any.

But in that case, the code would be as I wrote before.

Another possible issue is that the original_args is a list, and converting it to a set may lose order and duplicates. But the problem says that the remaining arguments are a list, so perhaps the order is not important.

But the code uses set operations, which may not be accurate. For example, if an argument appears multiple times, the set would only have it once. However, the problem says that the remaining arguments are a list, so perhaps the code should track the exact arguments, not just the unique ones.

But this is getting too complicated. Given the time constraints, perhaps the code that uses parse_known_args on each subparser and then collects the remaining arguments as those not recognized by any is the intended solution.

So, the final code would be:

def parse_subparser_arguments(unparsed_arguments, subparsers):
    parsed = {}
    original_args = list(unparsed_arguments)
    recognized_args = set()
    for name, parser in subparsers.items():
        ns, remaining = parser.parse_known_args(original_args)
        parsed[name] = ns
        recognized_args.update(set(original_args) - set(remaining))
    remaining_args = [arg for arg in original_args if arg not in recognized_args]
    return parsed, remaining_args

But I'm not sure if this is correct. Let's test with an example.

Suppose unparsed_arguments is ['--repo', 'myrepo', '--action1', 'val1'].

Subparsers are 'action1' and 'action2'. The 'action1' parser has --repo and --action1. The 'action2' parser has --repo and --action2.

For 'action1' parser, parse_known_args would parse --repo and --action1, leaving ['--action2', 'val2'] (assuming the original arguments are ['--repo', 'myrepo', '--action1', 'val1'].

Wait, original_args is the same for each subparser. So for 'action1' parser, the remaining would be the arguments not parsed by it. Similarly for 'action2' parser.

But in this example, the 'action1' parser would parse --repo and --action1, and the remaining would be empty (assuming the original arguments are ['--repo', 'myrepo', '--action1', 'val1']). Wait, no. Let's say the original_args is ['--repo', 'myrepo', '--action1', 'val1'].

For 'action1' parser, which has --repo and --action1, parse_known_args would parse both and return remaining as empty.

For 'action2' parser, which has --repo and --action2, parse_known_args would parse --repo, but not --action1, leading to remaining ['--action1', 'val1'].

The recognized_args would be {'--repo', 'myrepo', '--action1', 'val1'} from the first subparser, and {'--repo', 'myrepo'} from the second. So the recognized_args set would be {'--repo', 'myrepo', '--action1', 'val1'}.

Then, the remaining_args would be the original_args minus recognized_args, which would be empty. But that's not correct because '--action1' and 'val1' are recognized by the first subparser, but the second subparser doesn't recognize them. However, the code would include them in the recognized_args set because the first subparser recognized them.

But the function's goal is to return the remaining arguments not claimed by any subparser. In this case, the '--action1' and 'val1' are claimed by the first subparser, so they are not in the remaining. However, if there's a third subparser that doesn't recognize those arguments, but the code is only checking the first two, then the remaining would be empty.

But this approach would work for the case where the arguments are recognized by any subparser. However, the parsed namespaces would have the parsed values for each subparser.

But this seems to be the best approach I can think of given the problem description. Even though it's not the standard way of using argparse, perhaps this is what the problem requires.
