
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the _validate_labels function based on the given docstring. The function's purpose is to check that the keys and values in the labels dictionary are valid using validate_key() and validate_value() functions. 

First, I should figure out what the parameters are. The function takes 'labels' which I assume is a dictionary. The docstring mentions validate_key() and validate_value(), so those must be helper functions that check the validity of keys and values respectively.

The task is to iterate through each key-value pair in the labels dictionary. For each key, I need to call validate_key() and check if it returns True. Similarly, for each value, call validate_value() and ensure it's True. If any of these checks fail, the function should raise an exception or return False, depending on the expected behavior. But the docstring doesn't specify, so maybe the function is supposed to validate all and return whether they are all valid.

Wait, the original function's name is _validate_labels, which suggests it might be a helper function. The user didn't provide the implementation of validate_key and validate_value, so I need to assume they exist elsewhere. The function should probably return True if all keys and values are valid, else False. Or maybe raise a ValueError if any are invalid. Since the docstring says "check that keys and values... are valid," perhaps it's returning a boolean.

So, the code would loop through each key in labels and check with validate_key, then each value with validate_value. If any check fails, return False. Otherwise, return True.

Wait, but how are the keys and values structured? Are they strings? The helper functions might be defined to take a key or value and return True or False. So, for each key in labels, call validate_key(key), and for each value, call validate_value(value). If any of these return False, then the labels are invalid.

So the code would be something like:

def _validate_labels(labels):
    for key in labels:
        if not validate_key(key):
            return False
    for value in labels.values():
        if not validate_value(value):
            return False
    return True

But I need to make sure that the helper functions are called correctly. Also, maybe the labels could be a list of tuples or something else, but the function signature suggests it's a dictionary. So the code should handle that.

I think that's the basic structure. Now, I need to write that in Python, making sure to use the correct syntax. Also, the user said not to include any explanation, just the code. So the final answer should be the code in Python markdown format.
