
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the _reset_logging function based on the given signature and docstring. The user specified not to include any explanation, so I'll focus just on writing the code.

First, the function is a class method since it's defined with 'cls' as the first parameter. The docstring says it's to reset the logging system. In Python, the logging module can be reset by reinitializing it. But how exactly to do that?

I remember that the logging module has a basicConfig function which sets up the default configuration. If we call basicConfig again, it might override the previous settings. However, to fully reset, maybe we need to remove all handlers and reset the root logger.

Wait, the standard way to reset logging is to call logging.shutdown(), which closes all handlers and resets the logging system. But I should check if that's the right approach. Alternatively, maybe the function is supposed to reconfigure the logging to its default state.

Looking at the function name, it's probably intended to reset the logging configuration. So, perhaps the code should call logging.basicConfig() with default parameters to reset it. But if the user wants to completely reset, maybe they need to remove all existing handlers and reset the root logger's level.

Another thought: sometimes, when you want to reset logging, you might need to reinitialize it. So, the function could call logging.basicConfig() again, which would set up the default handlers and settings. However, if there are existing handlers, they might not be removed automatically. So maybe the correct approach is to call logging.shutdown() first, then basicConfig.

Wait, the logging.shutdown() function is supposed to clean up the logging system. So perhaps the steps are: call shutdown to close all handlers, then call basicConfig to set it up again. But the basicConfig parameters might need to be set to their defaults. However, the user hasn't specified any particular configuration, so maybe just calling basicConfig without arguments would suffice.

Alternatively, maybe the function is part of a class that manages logging, and resetting involves clearing any existing handlers or configurations specific to that class. But the docstring is general, so it's probably about the global logging system.

So the code inside _reset_logging would be:

import logging

def _reset_logging(cls):
    logging.shutdown()
    logging.basicConfig()

But wait, does basicConfig() without arguments set it to the default? Yes, because the default parameters are level=NOTSET, format='%(asctime)s - %(name)s - %(levelname)s - %(message)s', and the root logger is configured.

Alternatively, maybe the user wants to ensure that all handlers are removed. Another approach is to get the root logger and remove all its handlers, then set the level back to default.

But the standard way to reset is using shutdown and then basicConfig. However, logging.shutdown() is typically called once at the end of the program. If this function is called multiple times, maybe it's better to just reconfigure basicConfig.

Wait, but if you call basicConfig multiple times, it only configures once. So perhaps the correct approach is to call logging.shutdown() to properly close all handlers and then call basicConfig again. However, in some cases, calling basicConfig again might not be necessary if you just want to reset existing handlers.

Alternatively, maybe the function is intended to reset the logging for the class instance. But the method is a class method, so it's probably about the global logging system.

I think the most straightforward way is to call logging.shutdown() and then logging.basicConfig(). That would effectively reset the logging configuration to the default. So the code would be:

import logging

def _reset_logging(cls):
    """
    Reset the logging system
    """
    logging.shutdown()
    logging.basicConfig()

But wait, the first parameter is 'cls', which suggests it's a class method. However, in the code above, 'cls' isn't used. Maybe the function is supposed to reset logging related to the class, but the docstring doesn't specify that. The user's docstring is general, so perhaps the function is part of a class that uses logging, and the reset is for that class's logging.

Alternatively, maybe the 'cls' parameter is a red herring, and the function is intended to be a static method or just a regular function. But the signature says 'def _reset_logging(cls):', so it's a class method.

But in the code, the 'cls' isn't used. So perhaps the function is designed to reset logging regardless of the class. Maybe the class is using this method as part of its own logging setup, but the actual reset is done on the global logging module.

So the code would proceed as above, ignoring 'cls' because the logging is global. Alternatively, maybe the class has some logging handlers that need to be removed. But without more context, it's hard to tell. The user's instruction is to generate code based on the given signature and docstring, so I should stick to the general case.

Therefore, the code is likely to call logging.shutdown() and logging.basicConfig() as mentioned. Let me check if that's correct. Yes, logging.shutdown() is meant to clean up, and basicConfig sets up the default configuration again. That should reset the logging system.
