
Okay, I need to write a Python function called parse_version that takes a string and returns a tuple of integers. The docstring says it converts a version string like "1.2.3" into (1, 2, 3). So the input is a string with dots separating the numbers, and the output is a tuple where each part is an integer.

First, I should split the string by the dots. The split method on a string can do that. Like s.split('.'). That would give me a list of strings, each representing a number part.

Then, I need to convert each of those string parts into integers. So I can loop through each element in the list and cast them to int. But wait, what if the string has leading zeros? Like "1.02.3"? The problem says nothing about that, so maybe it's okay to just convert them as is. The function's job is just to split and convert each part, regardless of leading zeros.

So, after splitting, I can use a list comprehension to convert each part to an integer. For example, [int(part) for part in s.split('.')] would create a list of integers. Then, I need to return that as a tuple. So tuple([int(part) for part in s.split('.')]).

Wait, but what if the input string is empty or has multiple dots in a row? Like "1..2" or "1.2.3.4.5"? The split method would handle that. For "1..2", splitting by '.' gives ["1", "", "2"], and converting those to integers would throw a ValueError for the empty string. But the problem statement probably assumes that the input is a valid version string. So maybe the function doesn't need to handle invalid cases, as per the given requirements.

So the code would be straightforward. Split the string into parts, convert each to int, and return as a tuple. Let me test this logic with an example. If the input is "3.4.5", splitting gives ["3", "4", "5"], converting to integers gives [3,4,5], then tuple is (3,4,5). That works.

So the function can be written as:

def parse_version(s: str) -> tuple[int, ...]:
    return tuple(int(part) for part in s.split('.'))

Wait, but what if the string has other characters besides digits and dots? Like "1.2a.3"? Then splitting by '.' would give ["1", "2a", "3"], and converting to int would fail. But again, the problem statement probably assumes that the input is a valid version string composed of numbers separated by dots. So the function doesn't need to handle those cases. The user is expected to pass a correctly formatted string.

Therefore, the code should be as simple as splitting the string on dots and converting each part to an integer, then making a tuple. That's all. No error checking is required based on the given information.
