
Okay, I need to generate Python code for the from_raw_values method based on the given function signature and docstring. Let me think about what this method should do.

The method is a class method (since it's using cls) and is supposed to create a Bookmarks object from a list of raw bookmark strings. The docstring mentions that the input is a list of raw values, so I should process each string in the list.

First, I should figure out what a Bookmarks object looks like. Maybe it's a class that holds a collection of bookmarks. The from_raw_values method probably parses each string into a Bookmark instance and then initializes the Bookmarks object with those.

Assuming there's a Bookmark class with a from_string method, I can loop through each value in the input list, convert it using that method, and collect the results. Then, pass them to the cls constructor. But wait, the method is called from_raw_values, so maybe the Bookmarks class has a way to store these parsed bookmarks.

Wait, the user didn't provide the existing code, so I have to make some assumptions. Let me think of a possible structure. The Bookmarks class might have an __init__ method that takes a list of bookmarks. So the from_raw_values method would parse each string into a Bookmark and then create a Bookmarks instance with them.

I need to make sure that the code is correct. Let me outline the steps:

1. The method takes 'values' as a list of strings.
2. For each value in the list, parse it into a Bookmark object. How? Maybe using a helper method like Bookmark.from_string(value).
3. Collect all these Bookmark instances into a list.
4. Return a new instance of the Bookmarks class initialized with that list.

But since the user hasn't provided the Bookmark class, I'll have to assume that such a method exists. Alternatively, maybe the Bookmarks class itself has a way to process each string. However, the method is part of the Bookmarks class, so perhaps each raw value is a string representation of a bookmark, and the from_raw_values method is responsible for creating the collection.

So the code would look something like:

def from_raw_values(cls, values):
    bookmarks = [Bookmark.from_string(value) for value in values]
    return cls(bookmarks)

But I need to make sure that the Bookmark class is properly referenced. If the Bookmarks class is part of the same module, maybe it's imported or the Bookmark is a nested class. However, without more context, I'll proceed with the assumption that Bookmark is a class with a from_string method.

Alternatively, maybe the raw values are in a specific format, like JSON, and need to be parsed. But the docstring doesn't specify, so I'll stick to the simplest case where each string is converted into a Bookmark instance via a from_string method.

Another consideration: error handling. If any of the values can't be parsed, should the method raise an error? The problem statement doesn't mention it, so perhaps it's not required here. Just process each value and create the Bookmarks object.

So the final code would be a class method that processes each string in the values list into a Bookmark and initializes the Bookmarks instance with them. I'll write that.
