
Okay, I need to write a Python function called is_none_string that checks if a given value is a string that represents the None value. Let me think about the requirements.

The function signature is def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool. So the input can be any type, and it should return a boolean. The docstring says to return True if the type of val is a string and when lowercased, it equals 'none'. Otherwise, return False.

First, I need to check if the val is an instance of str. So using isinstance(val, str) would be the first condition. Then, convert that string to lowercase and see if it's equal to 'none'. So the second condition is val.lower() == 'none'.

Wait, but what if val is not a string? Then the second condition would throw an error. So I need to make sure that the first check is done before trying to call lower() on it. So the logic is: if isinstance(val, str) and val.lower() == 'none', return True else False.

So putting it all together, the function would return isinstance(val, str) and val.lower() == 'none'.

Wait, but what about cases where val is a string but has leading or trailing whitespace? Like ' none ' or 'NONE'? The docstring says the lowercase of val should be equal to 'none'. So val.lower() would handle the case insensitivity, but leading/trailing spaces would make it not equal. So the function would correctly return False for those cases.

So the code should be straightforward. Let me test some examples. If val is 'None', then lower() becomes 'none', so returns True. If val is 'NONE', same result. If val is 'none', also True. If it's a number like 5, returns False. If it's a string like 'NoneValue', returns False. If it's a boolean, like False, returns False. If it's a string with spaces, like ' none ', then lower() is ' none ', which isn't equal to 'none', so returns False. That seems correct.

So the code would be:

def is_none_string(val: any) -> bool:
    return isinstance(val, str) and val.lower() == 'none'

Yes, that should do it. No need for any other checks. The isinstance ensures it's a string, then the lower check ensures the content is 'none' regardless of case.
